If I didn't write this I'd be furious with myself when I'm laying in bed cursing myself for not reaching out after you agreed you'd call me on Friday.

1
	All the kids screamed. As they should be. The Doodle-Bops have been shoved down their throats continuously for four years now. Each weekday, throughout the country, public television networks fill an hour of their daytime-schedule with Doodle-Bop supplied content.
	The duo were pseudo-celebs for the kindergarten set. One plucked from obscurity, the other was a child star has-been, semi-redeemed. Of course, their kind of celebrity didn't come with the paparazzi, or the stalker/fans. Though, as often observed at Beatle or Michael Jackson concerts, there were plenty of fans in the audience brought to tears. Of course those tears have a better chance of being caused by a dirty diaper or a needed nap-time then by swooning fans.
	
	Phenelzine story

 Hi Lyssa,
Just got out of the hospital this morning. 
Crazy story...
Not sure if I ever mentioned it to you, but I've got this mental health problem called bipolar disorder, more commonly known as manic-depression. So I take a medication called Phenelzine. Been on it forever; about a decade.
It worked great for about a year, it may have even saved my life. That's how bad I was feeling before starting it. I had gone through a very long list of medicines before finding one that made a difference.
That bit of background info is necessary knowledge to understand how I nearly died
Back to what happened:
I awoke to what I thought was a jailhouse hospital room.
One nurse was present and she asked me, with a disrespectful tone, "Do you know where you are?"
"Jail?" I questioned. 
"Your in the hospital."
"What happened?"
"You overdosed on heroin."
Now I started wondering about how much time had passed. It felt like one day, but I had no memory of even desiring heroin. So more time must have passed than I thought. I mean I must have been unconscious for more time while in the hospital than I thought.
Turned out there was no heroin, I didn’t overdose.
Phenelzine is an MAOI. It has many interactions with other drugs, and even over-the-counter medicines and supplements. What happened was simple: I took an over-the-counter supplement that happened to have a dangerous interaction with Phenelzine. Of course the reaction was unknown to me.

	( 11/14/07 )
	new thoughts 
	Tonight I realized that I don't care. Look at these goofy shoes; if I cared would I be wearing them. Earlier today, I was contemplating cutting my own hair. "What if I screwed up," I thought. Quickly I realized I didn't really give a shit? Who cares if I look like an asshole? Definitely not me. Besides, I'm pretty sure I already look like an asshole. At the very least, I bear a very close resemblance to a rectum.
	For a while there I did seem to care. Cared about the way I looked, what I ate. I cared about what time I went to sleep, and when I got up in the morning.
	I would like to know the date on which I stopped caring, but I suppose it was a very gradual and slow process. So slow that it's difficult to even recognize the process taking place. Like watching the minute hand.
	The only other time I really didn't give a shit was when I was strung out on heroin. God I hate that term, "strung out." Talk about cliche. I want a better term for being in the tight grip of an opiate addiction. Actually, "gripped" might be good. "I was like, totally gripped by the shit." Sound any better? 
	Come to think of it, I really don't give a shit.
	
	( 11/15/07 )
	Today I saw a T.V. show about hypnosis, and now I think that I can articulate this feeling I have had for so long. Before, I described it as an ever present clock. In other words, one would never drift into a cognitive space  where one was not present and aware of all things around that person.
	Now I'm armed with a new way to put it . I think it's a much better articulation.
	From now on I will refer to this state as a trance. Everyone knows the feeling. If one is watching a great film he never wants it too end. God I remember feeling like that. "Fuck, I hope he doesn't turn him into Vader just yet." 
	Now I finally realize what this absence of experience has been missing. Time hasn't flown by in years. That's it! All day I watch the fucking clock. God I wish I could drift into that half-trance state again. That zone where time seems to be compressed. Where one has no concrete concept of time. When you enjoy life, well, it just fly by so quickly. 
	Well, currently I'm experiencing the exact opposite. The opposite end of the temporal spectrum. In fact this feeling of time being much slower than normal is very common with addicts. Every minute an addict is sitting there feels like an hour. Each car that passes by is the one. The hookup.
	To me this is the definition of anxiety. It haunts me even while I'm sleeping, in the form of dreams. That type of dream when you awake you wished it would have been the real thing.
	
	( 11/16/07 )
	Consider this hypothetical tale.:
	You are one of only three people living.
	Death
	Misery
	Paradise
	Misery
	
	( 11/18/07 )
	About a week ago, just on a whim, I planted some poppy seeds. Culinary ones; just put 'em in a pot. Gave them a bit of water, and then forgot about it. Then, about five days later, to my surprise I saw some mini little green stems coming up. Wow! I was ecstatic.
	I didn't want to get to enthusiastic though, considering I actually really knew nothing about these tiny seedlings. What kind of poppy is this? Is it really what I think it is? So I went to the computer, sat down and did some research. From what could ascertain from these many, many different sources is that yes, this may be the real thing. Still, I hope with much caution.
	There is a large variety of poppies. Of course, the one I want is called  somniferum, or the common name "The Opium Poppy." So, the obvious question is: "what type of seeds are used for eating?" So far, I've been led to believe that papaver somniferum is the type of seed used for culinary purposes. If this is true, it's hysterical. The drug our society considers the worst, the most dreadful, is easily obtainable in every supermarket. You just gotta laugh.
	What's sad about this whole situation though is that this is the happiest I've felt for months. At the very least, I finally had the will to type here while sober. I imaging it will take at least a couple months before I can attempt to reap the benefits.
	I think the reason that this has lifted my mood is because I finally have something to look forward to. Before, all I looked forward to was some wine at the end of the day. Now the future has some (possible) promise. It's little, I know, but it's something. Something is much better than nothing.
	
	---------------------------------
	
	Suicide has been on my mind for a long time. First it was just an idea. A thought: live no more. Slowly that idea has turned into a well detailed plan. I won't get into the specifics here. Let's just say that the plan is good, but best of all: painless. In fact, it's sort of the opposite. This no pain angle is very important because I'm a real wimp. But, on the other hand, the plan will cost considerable money. As you know, I don't have an abundance of cash. To that end, I am currently in the process of saving enough money to carry it out. I estimate it could take as long as a year to get enough cash. Isn't it funny? I am saving money so I can end my life.
	This isn't a "cry for help," because cries for help get heard. No one will know of my plan until after it is executed. I must sound like some evil madman. Me writing this is simply documenting the foreground theme of my thinking.
	
	( 11/20/07 )
	Paralyzed. That's the only word I can think of to describe it. When you would like to do something, but you just can't. I would like to write a computer program, but when I sit down to actually do it nothing happens. I haven't the will, there's no juice left.
	
	( 12/2/07 )
	Last Tuesday (11/27/07) I took the bus to the V.A. for a few different reasons. First, because I needed a refill of Suboxone, and possibly a change of my other meds.
	Second, I wanted to do a sort of dry run for the big plan I've got brewing. This trip would help me answer some lingering questions that have been on my mind. What bus route will I take to get into town? How much would the trip cost? How long will it take? What would be the best time to leave? What should I bring?
	The last reason is the one I put forth to anyone who would be concerned of my whereabouts. It went something like this: Usually I'm taken to the V.A. hospital by my sister, Rebecca, or her husband Max. Because her husband drove through a 7 - eleven  after falling asleep while driving, my father suggested I not ride in a car while he was at the wheel. (Not having a car is getting to be terribly inconvenient.) I saw an opportunity. An excuse to venture to the V.A. solo without provoking suspicion.
	When I got to the V.A. I was seen by my therapist. I ended up breaking down, crying uncontrollably. She only had to ask a few pointed questions and I broke. The questions that made me cry were along the lines of, "what have you been doing with yourself?" and "how have you been feeling?" For some reason I just bursted into tears. By then I wanted to leave but they wouldn't let me. I must have looked ridiculous because the therapist said "I can't let you go out there looking like this!" "Out there," was the hallway.
	When the therapist began asking questions about suicide I realized she may be looking to commit me against my will. So I lied and told her that "although I do have a plan for taking my own life I have no intention carrying it out." In hindsight I should not have even mentioned the plan, but for some reason I did. Maybe because I thought the lie would have been too obvious; I wanted to seem believable. Actually, once I started to cry I didn't really say all that much. I could hardly speak, I was so hysterical.
	I really just wanted to get those prescriptions and get out. While I was on the bus en route to the hospital I had no intention of getting honest with either my feelings or the docs. That's why I was so taken by surprise when it began happening.
	
	( 12/13/07 )
	Went out christmas shopping with Mimi and my mother today. I got Becky and Max gourmet beef jerky, and for baby Max a "Cat in the Hat" book.
	Still feel shitty. I've been increasing research efforts and have begun to really focus on the plan. It seems like I can not stop fantasizing about it. I'm attempting to find a promising location.
	My father is currently in the hospital with a case of cellulitis. It's an infection that somehow got into his leg. When speaking with my grandmother, she speculated it might have been caused by athletes foot. Others, like Becky and my mother, have attributed it to diabetes. Either one, I suppose it doesn't really matter at this point. He's been in Kaiser hospital in San Diego for about a week and a half. At first he was doing pretty bad. He could hardly speak on the phone, and when he did it was barely audible because of a breathing apparatus. When I could make out what he was saying he complained of terrible pain. When we spoke he quickly wanted to end the phone call, which is very unlike him. Usually I'm always the one who ends the call. Slowly, he's made progress. Judy has seemingly been with him around the clock and I know he appreciates it. Each time I speak to him he sounds a little bit better than the last. Yesterday he laughed out loud when I told him about Zeb Atlas' appearance on the Howard Stern radio show. Zeb is a man who claims to be straight, yet he is a big star in homosexual porno. Judy says he may be home by Friday (two days from now). Maybe I'll call him now to see how he's doing.
	
	( 12/17/07 )
	My father was released from the hospital a few days ago. Though he still must have a catheter to relieve himself. He also is still in a lot of pain, but he's in a lot better spirits now that he's at home. God, he was miserable in there.
	Dad gave me two-hundred dollars to get christmas gifts. One for Becky and Max, and one for my mother and Hal. So today, after I saw the film "I am Legend" (it was okay), I was walking from store to store looking to see what I might buy. Since I know that my mom is about to get a new ipod for christmas, I almost got her a fm transmitter for it. This model automatically finds the best station to transmit to. The one she's got right now occasionally drops the signal. Well luckily I didn't get it because she told me she would not have liked it.
	As for finding something for Becky and Max, I'm having trouble too. Today I spent fifteen bucks on a keychain breathalyzer for them. I figured you couldn't go wrong with that one. At the very least, it's something that, theoretically, can keep you out of jail.
	Then, at Fry's supermarket, I bought twenty-three dollars worth of wine. That amount (about five bottles) should last me at least four days, and six days at the most.
	A few nights ago I got a little drunk and started to miss Sarah. Stupidly, I called her and left a couple messages. Something like, I still love you..., I wish I could see you right now. That type of shit. Worse though, was the email. I was ridiculous. "It's all my fault. I still love you. I want you back badly." and much more even worse. When I got up the next morning I read it. I was so fucking embarrassed. All I could think to do was write another email to her. It said: please disregard the last email I sent you. That's it, just that one line.
	After I sent that second email it came back undeliverable. "Huh? Why didn't it go through?", I thought. Then I saw what was wrong. Both emails were sent without the trailing .com at the end of the address. Her email address is missarah@gmail.com. Since I composed that first one when I was partially drunk, I typed missarah@gmail... I was so happy when I knew that neither of those got delivered. So happy I laughed.
	
	( 12/18/07 )
	Tonight I yelled at Mimi for feeding the dogs every time she eats, because they beg. I felt bad that I yelled at her so I want to have a concise argument to present to her the next time it happens; here it is:
	There are only negatives when you feed them.
	1. It can cause fights.
	2. They don't need those extra calories, and sometimes the food is unhealthy.
	3. When you feed them it reinforces the bad behavior of begging.
	What are the positive consequences? I can't think of any!
	It might make sense to give them food if you are trying to reward them for a good deed. But feeding them while you eat is rewarding them for begging. Begging is annoying and bad behavior.
	
	( 12/22/07 )
	On the twentieth I attended an interview with a psychiatrist; an evaluation for my social security claim for chronic depression and anxiety. My sister drove me. 
	After the interview I met up with my mom and Mimi at Costco. Becky left me with them, as she was heading home. 
	Once inside Costco I felt a slight itch came upon me. It started at the top of my head, then as it moved down the itch got stronger. Now I'm worried because I recognized this itch as it was familiar to me. This itch was caused by a medication. An extraordinary itch. Slowly it crept, gaining strength, until you're driven crazy. I tried not to itch, maybe I could go one minute, maybe two. 
	It was mid-day and Hal decided to meet up with us for lunch. We assembled at "My Big Fat Greek Restaurant." By this time I had realized that scratching, while giving some temporary relief, just makes the itch worse when it returns. Plus, if one scratches too hard the pain will last longer than the fit lasts. So I sat there at lunch unable to eat, enacting a new game plan: I tried not to move at all. Any movement seemed to bring on more itch. Mimi wanted to take me to the hospital. She was upset that I was in pain. She is very empathetic. I told her it didn't matter where I was, the itch would still be there. 
	After about six hours of this very intense itch, it slowly wore off.
	
	( 12/25/07 )
	CHRISTMAS day. Yes it's here. Oh, joy!
	Some family should be coming today. My understanding it it will be: Becky, baby Max, Big Max, Gloria, Kalani, Dee-Dee, Jesse, I doubt if Jimmy comes, Maybe Jason, and it would be a big surprise, but there is about a 2% chance of Brian coming.
	Mom's put out a nice spread for the guests. Pastrami, cheeses, different breads, veggies. Plus, she has really been breaking her back for the past week or so making some cool candies (Bordeaux fondant in milk chocolate), and a big variety of cookies. There's little christmas tree sandwich cookies, with apricot or raspberry preserves in the middle, then the whole little cookie sandwich is halfway dipped into milk chocolate. Those are good! There's some Heath toffee cookie bars, sort of like brownies. I'm starting to get hungry just thinking about it.
	I didn't spend forty of the seventy dollars my dad gave me to buy Becky a gift so I'm giving it to her in cash today. So I decided to make her a card. It's supposed to be funny so I hope she doesn't take it the wrong way and get upset or mad at me. Anyway, the card references some of the difficulties she has had lately. Namely, Max driving their van into a 7-eleven convenience store. We'll see how she feels about it later.
	
	( 12/27/07 )
	Lucky for me, Becky thought the card was funny. In fact all of our Christmas visitors had a laugh when they saw it. Even the usually stuffy conservative, Hal Junior, grinned with guilt. Of course, the one person who saw no humor in the card was the subject himself: Max. He threatened to shred it, but I reminded him that I could print out as many replacements as needed. So that was my Christmas highlight.
	Among gifts received, there was a pair of new running shoes, from my mother. A Jeopardy video game from Becky. Some socks from Mimi. And finally, my dad gave me a hundred bucks cash.
	If it was up to me, I would gladly opt-out of giving and receiving any and all gifts. But most would consider that socially unacceptable, and I wouldn't want to stigmatize myself any further.
	
	This afternoon my mom gave me a ride to the V.A. hospital to see my psychiatrist and get medication refills. After last months spectacle, my goal was to get in and get out unscathed, with dignity intact. So I put on that oh-so-familiar act; I smiled and pretended life was great. "Quite a positive change", said the doc. Then I commended him on the change of medication. "I think switching to the Paxil is working."
	There was some good news today, though. My lab results showed that my liver is almost back to normal levels. It was a big surprise because I thought the condition only got worse, not better. A year and a half ago the LFT number was 250, now it's back down to 56. Normal is between 10 and 40. In the end though, I'm ambivalent about the test results.
	
	( 12/29/07 )
	Just a quiet Saturday at home. Mom had to work. Mimi went for a walk, even though it is a little chilly out.
	As for me I got up at about 10:30 this morning, then I did a couple hours cleaning up around the house. A lot of filth has accumulated since I last cleaned, four days ago. With five dogs running around pissing, shitting, and shedding, it builds up fast.
	Then around 4:30 I did a six mile run. The shoes I received as a Christmas gift are heavier than I thought they would be. Another lesson learned. The day before I switched to the new shoes I ran five miles at a 7:18/mile pace. The next day I ran five at a 8:05/mile pace. I'm guessing that once I get acclimated to the higher weight my speed will get back to normal.
	Now it's ten PM. I'm going to take a quick shower, then get drunk off wine and, hopefully, black-out.
	
	( 1/2/08 )
	I think I've given up on those shoes. They don't seem to be getting perceptibly lighter. For now, I'm reverting back to my old Sauconys. I'll keep an eye out.
	New years eve was sort of fun, but I was embarrassed the next morning. I remember doing a karaoke version of "To All the Girls I've Loved Before," (in accurate spanish accent) but not much after that. Dee-Dee hosted the party at her new house. Jason didn't show up. Neither did Becky.
	Today, Mimi, my mother, and I all went to Matt and Tammy's house. They are renting in Florence, about an hour-and-a-half away. It started out with smiles and hugs, but after about thirty minutes my mom could no longer bite her tongue. She expressed her resentment towards Tammy for lying to Matt about his short stay in jail. Tammy told Matt that my mom had said "Matt belongs in jail," then laughed, after refusing to bail him out.
	Tammy got upset that my mom had brought up the past, saying "this is a new year! I wasn't even going to bring that up." Eventually the fight culminated with both Tammy and my mom crying, then Matt embraced them both, insisting "I don't want anything to come between my wife and my mother."
	I would get into it all in much more detail, but typing just this much out is unbearably painful.
	
	( 1/7/08 )
	We had the pleasure of having baby Max and Hunter overnight this last weekend. It was fun, but I always get stressed out when the kids are here. They're always making messes, yelling, just generally going wild.
	As soon as they arrived they saw some presents still wrapped, leftover from Christmas. Of course, they presumed the gifts were for theirs - they weren't. Luckily there was one that was Hunter's. Someone forgot about it and it got lost in the shuffle and excitement of the holiday rush. It was a giant set of Legos. Actually, it was six smaller Lego sets combined into one big box. Max and Hunter both freaked, high-fiving, laughing, screaming. Calmly, I explained to them, "I don't think you would like it if you lost a bunch of the pieces here, so why don't you just pick out one, and we'll put the others away so they'll be complete when you get home." And they bought it. Simple minded little fools.
	It turned out though, that one Lego kit was more than enough for them anyway. After tearing open the box and seeing the instructions, confusion set upon their little faces. I offered my help. Like a referee, I explained how each would have their own turn completing one step of the pictorial lego construction instructions. An ingenious solution for terrorist toddlers on a destruction kick.
	The plan didn't go as smooth as I thought it would. It turns out that four and five year old boys have a attention span of approximately four or five seconds. A fact that I had overlooked. Nevertheless, in mere hours the lego ambulance was completed. Success!
	After that, they fought over the new toy until bedtime.
	
	Seeing the two of them together for the first time in so long, I noticed something alarming. Hunter is very much better behaved than Max. Max cannot take no for an answer, he throws a temper tantrum every time. Hunter, though he does show disappointment, takes it in relative stride. I would have to presume that this difference in behavior is due to Max being spoiled rotten by Becky.
	At one point my mother was making gingerbread men with them. When the cookies came out of the oven, I asked Max if he would give me a bite of his. He swiftly replied, "no way!" Then Hunter, unprovoked, offered to share his with me. I glanced at Max, he was totally unfazed by Hunter's generosity. It made me feel sad, I feel that the shower of material objects that Becky finds and buys is doing much more harm than good.
	Max demands, more, more, more. Becky gives him so much that he doesn't like playing with toys anymore, he just like opening them. Then they're tossed aside so he can open the next.
	
	( 1/22/08 )
	Why is it difficult for me do write here consistently? I really would like to, and there usually is enough content in my mind.
	Anyway...
	Kalani had a baby girl about a week ago. What else has happened.
	Becky has been driving me totally nuts. Her house looks like ground-fucking-zero. She's got so much junk that it's hard to navigate from the front door to the back door. She should be spending her time trying to get rid of this trash. But wait, she's not doing that! In fact, she spends a substantial amount of her time seeking out more TRASH! As if that wasn't bad enough, she asks me if I would come sleep at her house on Saturday night so we can wake up early Sunday and do a garage sale. I reluctantly agreed (even though I should not have, because, in a way, helping her implies that I approve of this ludicrous behavior). So when I go down there, she wakes me up a about three o'clock Sunday morning and says "I think it might be too cold for a garage sale, would you mind if I cancelled it?" That bitch drags me down there to sleep in that hellhole for no reason.
	If Becky wants me to do that again, I won't do it for less than $20.00 an hour. I do not approve!
	By the way, I know for a fact she is using drugs again. And I'm not talking about pot. I've seen it with my own eyes.
	
	( 2/3/08 )
	God, it has been a couple of week now. Super Bowl day. Starts in about an hour. I'd love for New York to win, they're huge underdogs. The Patriots are 19-0, going for a perfect season. I want to see their faces when the dream shatters before their very eyes. Just a bit of satisfaction for me.
	This past monday I went back to the VA. I can never seem to convey how I really feel. Anything I tell Dr. Wandry is answered with a dosage increase. He tells me "well, at this dose we're reaching the threshold of toxicity." Oh, that's good to know.
	Then there's Judith, another therapist I talk to when I'm down there sometimes. She just seems baffled by everything. "What would make you feel better?" If that's not a stupid question...
	Mom is doing taxes today.
	On the way home from the movie yesterday (I saw Rambo), we dropped by Becky's. She happened to be out with little Max down the street from her house. When she spotted us driving by her face seemed to petrify. Mom and I got out to say hi, and give her and Max a hug. I'm certain sure she was high on crystal methamphetamine. First, she had those telltale lesions all over her face from repeated picking. Even my mother had to admit something wasn't quite right about her. If I had to take a guess, I would say that she was on meth for a few days, and now she is trying to come down with opiates. I'd love to be wrong, but I'm not.
	Hal, my mother, and I dined at Chili's last night. Had a Philly cheese-steak; it was pretty good. The topic of Becky came up. How we suspect she is dealing marijuana. We concluded that though it is a bad situation, especially for baby Max, there was not much we could do about it. I'm sure that she wouldn't even consider herself a dealer. I would remind her, one that trades marijuana for money is, by definition, a marijuana dealer. Hal thought it might be an idea to tell my dad, and he could, perhaps, talk about it with her. Of course, that would cause much more harm than good. He's still sickly from his bout at the hospital. He might just drop dead if he heard that.
	Dad is getting better though. He just told me that Judy and him saw the film Juno yesterday. I think that was the first movie he's gone out to see since he left the hospital. I try to talk to him whenever he calls, but he calls five or six times a day. When I do pick it up I'm sometimes very irritable and regrettably short. Then again, there are times when we have great conversations, lasting upwards of twenty minutes or so.
	You know why I write of Becky's shortcomings? It's because this way I can avoid my own. Just a few years ago I was living a life fueled by, and ruled by, hardcore drugs. The difference is that nobody else was involved, Becky has a child, and he is an innocent victim. My philosophy about drugs, or anything one might view as harmful or immoral, is that as long as you are not directly affecting any other person than one should be able to do whatever he or she wants.
	
	( 2/14/08 )
	Sarah is in town right now. Well, not here in Phoenix; she's in Tucson for a gem show. When she got here she contacted me. First, I was reluctant to even call her back. Then, momentarily, I was desperate to reach her. Eventually we did talk on the phone. I told her that I would like to see her. She said the same, but neither of us seem too enthusiastic about a meeting. Now I don't think it will happen. It's probably better that way. What would be the point? Sure, I'd love to fuck her, but in the end, the whole thing would be psychologically damaging and economically costly.
	Happy Valentines day!
	
	( 2/28/08 )
	One would think I must be very busy considering the infrequency of entries in this journal. I'm not.
	
	( 3/30/08 )
	Hal asked me to go do some work with him. Today we did gopher service at four or five properties. It was three hours of work, plus another three of driving. How much do you think I should be paid for that?
	Let me catch the reader up on some recent happenings. My poppies bloomed, and the petals fell, they even produced latex. Now I just have to find out if the fruits of my labor is viable. After further research I learned there are certain modified strains of somniferum that don't produce saps with active opioids.
	Still, when I saw those flowers open up for the first time... I felt like I might have a reason to live. That feeling has subsequently subsided, for the most part.
	
	( 4/24/08 )
	 I'm literally crumbling to pieces. My front tooth has been chipped so I look like a retard. Then I broke a metatarsal in my left foot, now I can't run. My only restorative activity is suddenly, if temporarily, deleted. My foot has been hurt for about week now, and it has definitely had a negative effect on my mental health.
	 At the V.A. today Dr. Wandry increased my dosage of citalopram from 40mg to 60mg. Hope it helps. He stated that if this latest dosage increase is ineffective that he will consider switching me to a different class of antidepressant: an MAOI. But the most promising product of my visit is that I will now be seeing a psychologist monthly. His name escapes me at the moment, but he seems like a good guy. He has only been a psychologist for a few years; before that he was a biologist and a computer programmer in the pharmaceutical industry. Talk about right up my alley! If I could go back in time and not fuck up my existence...
	 Still saving up; I'm up to about eighty or ninety bucks. It's slow but steadily adding up.
	 Little Max is having a birthday party tomorrow. Becky, for some reason, insists on having the party at the house. She's attempting to recreate a Chuck-E-Cheese/carnival setting at home, instead of actually going to Chuck-E-Cheese and saving a ton of time, effort, and money.
	 
	 ( 4/29/08 )
	 These past few days I have been very irritable. Mimi hasn't helped one bit. She drives me nuts. When eating she simultaneously feeds the dogs and wants them to leave her alone. So I get to listen to her alternate between "This one is for Vinny," and "No, get back. Leave me alone." When I got real fed up and asked her why she is feeding them she said "because they are minding me."
	 They're minding you? They're minding you how. By not begging? They wouldn't be begging you in the first place if you weren't feeding them!
	 By the way none of this is supposed to sound cute or funny. One must understand that this type of thing is repeated multiple times daily, every single day. It infuriates me to the core of my soul.
	 
 	 ( 5/3/08 )
 	 Today was big Max's birthday "party." The whole household slowly and reluctantly had committed to being there. So my mother, Hal, Mimi, and I piled into mom's Ford Aero and trudged along the hour long drive north to Lake Pleasant. In the car we speculated on what Max would like as a birthday gift. Mom said a check or cash would be ideal. But I insisted that removing the middle-man would be a better gift; just give him crystal-meth and marijuana. Hal thought a gift card would be best, that way he couldn't put the money to illicit use.
 	 When we got to the lake we were met by Becky at the gated entrance. There was a five dollar admission fee. I could sense that Becky really wanted all of us to be as happy as possible. I also sensed she might be on some sort of upper (either cocaine, or the hyperbolized dreaded crystal methamphetamine), considering the rate at which words flew from her lips. Not to mention the scabs on her face from incessant picking, which is common among those who indulge in meth. We followed in the packed Aero as Becky leaded to the parking lot in her behemoth of a van. After parking, both Hal and Mimi went to use the restroom. Mom was gathering all the stuff we brought to help us stay comfortable on the boat and shore (towels, sun-screen, snacks, drinks, etc.). I helped Becky rearrange the interior of her van because, as always, it was packed to the brim with the fruits of her "treasure hunting" labors. (When I say treasure hunting I mean stealthily driving along the different neighborhoods of pre-dawn Phoenix, digging and rummaging through the trash bins of both business and residential dwellings.)
 	 After Becky had given me four generic Klonopin, I asked her, "Why are you putting so much effort in making the inside of the van look good? We'll only be in here for a quick two or three minute transit."
 	 Her reply took me by surprise: "I do nothing, so I should entertain. My worst nightmare is that I'll invite a bunch of people somewhere and no one will show up. Why? Because they didn't have fun the last time we invited them somewhere."
 	 She must have some incredible insight into other peoples sub-dermal feelings.
 	 It has been a couple long weeks now, and my foot seems to be getting better. Though it feels that the healing process is moving excruciatingly slow. It's really, really bumming me out. I'm very irritable. I'm getting more depressed, and I'm sure I'm getting fat, but I'm too scared to step on a scale. Running was my only real link to the outside world. When I was running I WAS somebody. For that intense hour, I was just like everybody else. One might even mistake me for a normal person. One might think I was a handsome businessman taking a run after work to sweat away the stresses of the office hustle-and-bustle. If they only knew, they'd probably call the cops.
 	 
 	 ( 5/4/08 )
 	 An Evening Prayer:
 	 God, I sure do miss looking at a clock and thinking, "Gee I can't believe it's so late already. Because going to sleep right now would really suck. I'm way too interested in what I'm doing to go to bed."
	Now it's the opposite. When I look at that clock I think, "Fuck, I thought it was later. I'm miserable and I want to sleep."
	Sleep — society's only acceptable form of elective oblivion.
	
	( 5/12/08 )
	Mom was subpoenaed to testify in a non-jury trial that was scheduled for this afternoon. She was given the day off of work, so I went down there with her. We arrived in Tempe early so we ate lunch at a little hamburger joint just down the street from the courthouse. Both of us were pleasantly surprised by the place. She got an ahi tuna sandwich and I got a chicken tikka sandwich. Man, it was good. It came with tangy mango chutney, and the chicken was real moist. Long ago I had forgotten what chicken was supposed to taste like when cooked properly. This was like tasting chicken for the first time all over again.
	When we got to the courthouse the defendant never showed up. Some asshole that kicked out the door of the bus my mom was driving a couple of months ago. She told me that the dude was pissed because his backpack got stuck in between the closing automatic doors. So he freaked out and repeatedly kicked the door until he busted it. After the glass shattered this jerk then stuck around until the cops arrived and got arrested. He should have been sentenced today. But mom was glad when he didn't show up. She got ten hours pay for sitting in court for just one hour. Pretty sweet, I thought. Too bad it doesn't happen more often.
	
	( 5/27/08 )
	Another birthday has come and gone. Yes; I am now thirty. A miserable age if you ask me. Quite embarrassing too. To be living at home still. To having no job or profession. To being friendless and loveless. If someone would have presented this scenario to me when I was twenty, I would have thought it impossible. But here I am: living proof. I've taken to wearing a beard...it's sort of like "the cherry on top." Just in case if there was any lingering question about me being a truly hardcore fuck-up loser. The unkept beard should quiet all doubters.
	There was one good thing about this birthday though. My dad and Judy, mom and Hal, and Mimi all pitched in together to buy me an iPod Touch. "Holy shit," was all I could say upon first booting it up. This thing is unbelievably and undeniably cool! Seriously mind-blowing, to pack so much functionality into a tiny metal and glass wafer. Here's just some of the stuff its got: web browser, music/movie/photo player, Youtube browser, calculator, weather forecast, stock prices, movie times, e-mail, notes, itunes store, calendar, address book, maps. But what really makes this device shine is not the quantity, but the quality of each individual application. Every one of them is beautiful and elegantly executed. I've tried to use the internet on other PDAs and cell phones -- it's fucking miserable. The ipod touch is the first mobile device I've used that makes using the web as easy as it is on a desktop. In some cases the touch is even better.

	( 6/7/08 )
	We leave for Costa Rica in two days. Hal, Mimi, my mom, and myself are all heading out on Monday afternoon. Becky will give us a ride to the airport in her filthy, jacked-up van. We are going to leave super early, so, despite the fact that Becky is notorious for being habitually late, we'll have a few hours at the airport before our flight departs. Just like every other minute detail of this trip, my mom has planned out even this layover to the point of obsession. For example: her home airport, the airport she has been to more times than any other airport - LAX; she prints out a map of the inside of the airport. For the herculean task of navigating from one gate to another, she decides one must know every detail of the inner structure of the airport. Mind you, she has arrived or departed from LAX a minimum of a hundred times. Now imagine what the extent of her planning must be when she actually needs real directions; from one city to another, for instance.
	Today I started packing, and I too am getting a little anxious. Though, if I was to choose a destination myself, Costa Rica would be pretty far down on the list. Mom had a good reason for going to Costa Rica though. Hal and her are eyeing prospective hot-spots where they can retire both comfortably and economically.
	
	( 6/8/08 )
	All done with the packing of the bags of travel! We leave late tomorrow, in fact we won't even leave for the airport until about five pee em.
	Becky was asked, by my mother, to keep an eye on the house, feed the dogs, etc. Gloria was originally called upon for the task. In typical fashion, Gloria backed out of the responsibility by insisting that she forgot about it, and has subsequently made new plans that would make the house-sitting impossible for her. Luckily, Becky's schedule was as barren as always, and she seems happy to help out. So she'll be sleeping over here for most of the ten days we'll be gone.
	In preparation for the temporary domestic displacement, Max, Little Max, and Becky stopped by today. They were up here in the neighborhood to go to the pool anyway. Becky wanted to see how the dogs here would get along with her brand new, tiny Chihuahua. The minuscule little bitch (Lucy) is, no joking, literally the size of rat. She's awfully cute too, but Becky is fucking loony for getting another pet. 
	She now has three dogs, five or six cats, and a real smelly rat. Now, that wouldn't be so bad, but all these critters just contribute more chaos to her already chaotic household. She gets overwhelmed very easy, and the pets are not helping one bit. In fact they hurt the situation. Just a week ago she was locked in her room because Trooper (Becky's black retriever) ate four of her kittens. She was in her bed for days upset over it!
	Another reason she gets upset and depressed is when her house is a huge mess. The animals make the mess worse. The dogs shred up trash and leave it in pieces all over the house and backyard. The cats shit in well hidden crevices, where you can not see the crap, but you can definitely smell it for weeks. She gets letters from the homeowners association informing her that the piles of feces in her yard must be collected more frequently than bimonthly. She's digging her own hole and doesn't even realize it.
	
	( 7/11/08 ) Letter to Alex Stephenson (roommate from S.F.)
	Alex,
What's up dog? For me it's torturous to see someone like you from my not to too distant past on the internet. Still, every couple of months or so I go about doing a search to see what has been going on with you, or Justin, or Tyson, or whomever. Then, if I do find anything it just bums me out. A couple of months ago I happened upon some images of Tyson's wedding. All my old buddies were there. Sure, I was happy for him, but to see everyone in the midst of their current lives, for me was heartbreaking.
As you probably know, it all started back in San Francisco (to the best of my knowledge). The onset started sooner, perhaps high school? I slowly transformed from an anxious and depressed (yet still normal) kid, to someone more fearful and more profoundly depressed. You might not believe it, but the heroin actually helped me. I mean it was like an anxiolytic/antidepressant. I'm off H now. You've probably heard of Suboxone (buprenorphine). It really helps subdue cravings for opiates. I've been prescribed that for a few years now.
But the point of this email is to attempt to tell you why I have seemingly dropped of the face of the planet. Anyway, I'm under psychiatric care and I have been diagnosed with some fucked up mental disorders. Just recently I started taking phenelzine (Nardil), and I think it's really working. At least so far; antidepressants have a tendency to be effective for a period of time and then drop you off a cliff. Well, that's my experience. Today, just now, I found out my doctor died! No fucking joke. God, the world is so fucked. Just one more exhibit of evidence. I'm real, real distraught.
I saw on Facebook that you are engaged. Congratulations! Your fiance is very pretty.
I don't know if you remember this or not, but; There was one afternoon (I was in my dorm room myself, so Tyson must've already dropped out of school) where you and Ed were banging on the door repeatedly, trying to get me to come out and join in whatever you two had planned for the evening. You guys kept on knocking and banging for about ten or fifteen minutes. Eventually though, you finally gave up. Boy was I relieved.
I was is in there with the lights off pretending to be gone. Believe it or not I was in there crying like a little bitch. I actually used to wait until everyone was gone so I could cry in private, even in Stonestown. What a little bitch, huh?
Don't tell anyone about this email, okay?
	
	( 8/6/08 )
	There is no proper excuse for not updating this journal for two months, but the truth is that I have been having medication issues that have probably contributed to my inconsistency. One of the reasons of keeping this journal is to record what is going on in my life and the lives of those I'm closest to. With that in mind here are some of those things that have happened recently:
	Tammy and Matt may possibly have Kaley removed by the DES. All I know is that she ate a bunch of marijuana (?) and had to go to the hospital because she wouldn't wake up. Crazy, I know!
	I was prescribed an MAOI by Dr. Wandry. At first it worked well. I felt as if my mind was returning to normal. I even called Sarah just because I felt like it. Alas, those feelings only lasted about four or five days. Then bizarre side-effects started to kick in. I have had multiple hypertensive reactions to where my blood pressure has gotten up to 185/120. Yesterday it happened again, so I took the antidote: chlorpromazine (Thorazine). Well, the antidote turned out to be nearly as bad as the hypertension itself. My blood pressure went to low! About 80/60. I could hardly keep my eyes open, and felt like a zombie all day. Today there is still some lasting after effects, but they're not nearly as bad.
	Dr. Wandry died. What a shock; I was really upset for a few days. And I hardly knew the guy. Without even realizing it I had become attached to him. Really it's not too surprising my emotions boiled over, considering that he had been helping me for at least two years, maybe longer.
	Becky found an apartment for Max (her husband Max, not Little Max). She has been talking about divorce for so long, but she hasn't really done anything about it yet. This will be the first real step she's taken. Then again, it hasn't happened yet.
	One thing that really is starting to give me a whole lot of anxiety is the Social Security hearing. It's next Wednesday and it could go either way. I don't even want to think about until I absolutely have to. I've written some notes about it for the judge, and I'll read over them the day before the hearing.
	
	( 10/25/08 )
	Each time I attempt to put words in this journal I freeze. Like paralysis. I just get stuck, then end up staring at the blank screen for several minutes. Finally, with no good clear thoughts being conjured, I give up. Now I notice the frequency of these entries is becoming increasingly sparse. One can only hope that this trend will reverse.
	Not to leave the reader stiff with suspense, the outcome of the Social Security hearing was positive. I was granted with disability payments plus retroactive back-pay from Jan. 2007 to present. I'd like to be excited or happy about this, but when I think it through, I realize that even if I had a thousand dollars in my pocket right now today would go precisely the same.
	Though I am relieved that I'll be able to repay some of the financial burdens I've placed on Hal, my mother, and my father.
	
	( 11/30/08 )
	Finally the monstrously miserable, and painfully long event that is Thanksgiving is adjourned. Memories of last year's "festivities" are still raw and welted. I see people, many people; hugs, lots of hugs. But the worst is the talking, small-talk and smiles. This is exactly the sort of situation I dread the most. Something about the fake smiles, kiss-each-others ass mini-conversations, all the family in their holiday best. It all makes my skin crawl.
	This year though, it wasn't just family. My mother graciously invited our dentist from Costa Rica. Plus, her fiance, mother and father. Oh, and they'll be staying in my room. (I forgot to mention that the usual annual thanksgiving visitors: Pamela and Lynn would be staying again this year. So, all together, 10 people sleeping under this one roof.) So now I have to deal with three extra days of pretending life is perfect. Now, I'm not saying we are all miserable here. Only that I hate having to smile when I catch eye-contact with these guests.
	Those Costa Rican's were slobs. Hours were spent waiting just to brush my teeth in the morning. By the time I did get into the bathroom (once they finally left on excursion) I'd be welcomed by a mess so horrendous, one could only come to the conclusion that the central americans had worked together, each layering upon the previous' work, moist films of grime and morning-mucous. Isn't it nice to gaze upon the previous users remnants, when you use a restroom. Especially in the morning. It can really turn your frown upside-down.
	The scale of the big meal itself was larger than any I can remember. With thirty-six people dining, the house looked like a sickening family restaurant, made over for the holiday season. 
	Countless times I begged my mother not to take on so much responsibility. "Don't take anymore R.S.V.P.'s," I tried to implore. I made it perfectly clear how I felt: I was totally against it. Thanksgiving is already enough of a spectacle around here. For two weeks before the big day I stopped shaving, and refused to get a much needed haircut. When guests arrived on the big day I looked presumably ridiculous. If any one cared to ask about my appearance I told them it was a "show of protest to the encroachment of corporate commercialism of our American holidays." Which, actually, wasn't too far from the truth.
	Everything went fine until one day (just a couple of days before our visitors flight home) my mom accused me of somehow disabling the printer. Now, first of all, she is yelling this at me in an accusatory tone through the bathroom door, while I'm taking a shower. Yes, it was THAT important. Of course, this being the day after Thanksgiving, it couldn't have been any one of the thirty-six guests there the previous day. No, I must be the one who rendered the printer dysfunctional. Actually the truth is I spent about an hour FIXING the printer a few days earlier. But, to top it all off, the printer WAS working. Someone had unplugged it from the USB port so, he or she, could examine the images on their digital camera.
	Standing there, in the shower, I felt so furious at such an obviously unreasonable accusation. It was a feeling of anger to the core, but as usual, I kept it in. Even though a few quick fantasies raced through my mind while drying off with the towel. Then, just minutes after getting dressed, my stomach started to churn. First, just barely noticeable; but within moments time, I knew something was not normal. My bowels were doing somersaults. Twenty minutes later I was out of commission. For the next twenty hours I endured the worst stomach pains I have ever felt. A number of times I couldn't stop myself from crying out in agony. I literally could not complete a google search on my symptoms.
	After researching, I firmly believe it was all caused by stress, anger, and anxiety precipitated by my mother's irrational yelling.
	
	( 12/2/08 )
	Becky was very excited at the number of responses received after placing a personal ad on few.
	The ad said something along the lines of:
				Looking for a, potentially, long-term
				friend with benefits...
I'm sorry, but to me that is sickening, especially for a women. Of course she got a high number of responses. Male readers of the ad only see that that this is a women highly motivated by sex.
	When she called this morning, seemingly bragging, that she was on her way to her first date (?), or meet, I was puzzled. As she was describing the guy to my mother (over the phone), "he's asian, and working on a masters degree, but I don't know if I really like asians..."
	I thought, "here she is, excitedly describing to her mother how she has, possibly, found a man who is looking for the same as she. A person of the opposite sex who will have repeated, 'long term,' sexual encounters."
	Now, this isn't a new guy she's dating, just someone to have sex with. Yet, she is calling people to let them know?
	Letting Mom in on this sort of desperation would be the last thing I'd do. In fact, keeping it secret would be my top priority.
	One of her neighbors, a family that recently moved to the neighborhood, has access to several good pharmaceuticals. Somas, methadone, maybe even some benzos. About once or twice a week Becky calls me looking for assistance in identifying pills. Of course I should tell her that this causes temptation and anxiety, but I can't. Still hanging on.

	( 12/5/08 )
	Earlier, this morning, I felt pretty good. I was actually having a great time listening to music while vacuuming. I was content, pondering how I might get a big music library together again, now that we've got this huge, terabyte capacity, hard-drive.
	Now I'm feeling shitty again. Evenings are always so much worse. At some point, in the late afternoon, my mood drops off the edge of a cliff. This happens consistently, every day. Being controlled by mood is terrible.
	
	( 12/15/08 )
	Becky showed up here crying hysterically, claiming she had to leave Max here. Multiple, bogus, sources of stress had overwhelmed her. For one, her toilet was backed up. Ever hear of a plunger. Next, Max left a big mess of toys out. Worst of all, her new dogs (she recently god rid of Trooper and Lucy, because she was sick of them) urinated and crapped "all over" the house. Needless to say, I had a difficult time biting my tongue. I wanted to scream "well whose fault is that, idiot." And she's looking for sympathy.
	So Max ended up staying the night over here, but he was noticeably calmer this time, so it wasn't so bad. When I say he was calmer, that doesn't mean he wasn't acting wild and consistently yelling high-pitched nonsense. What I mean is he obeyed directions better, though he still required constant attention.
	Matt has been in jail for eleven days now. I know it must sound horrible, but I just had to laugh when I saw his mug-shot on the internet. Before condemning me, one must realize this is the third time Matt has been jailed for the same offense: driving with a suspended license. Why isn't Tammy driving him to work? Why is he willing to risk being jailed again, and again. Who knows. Tammy's mother actually worked out some bizarre logic to claim the whole thing was my mothers fault!?
	Days are getting longer. 

	( 12/21/08 )
	After several tearful pleading calls to mom, Matthew was released from jail yesterday (making his total time "inside" eighteen days). Though the circumstances are still unclear to me. I believe he was able to get out because people pitched in for either bail or a fine, not sure which. Manny, Mom, Mimi, and some coworkers all put up some cash. Mimi gave two hundred dollars, while mom gave about the same. Actually, she stipulated that this money was a loan. This is notable because when she usually gives money to Matt and Tammy, she always says they do not have to pay her back.
	Christmas is quickly approaching. This year Deedee is my recipient in the gift exchange. Last night I got her a twenty-five dollar gift card for BevMo, a huge store where you can find any kind of liquor you can think of.
	Tonight, my mom made some great pizza. For me, she made a barbecue chicken pizza, the other pizza had asparagus with regular pizza sauce.
	
	( 1/27/09 )
	Christmas and new years eve were mostly uneventful, spare the fact that Matthew made it out of jail in time to open gifts with the rest of us. Tammy, he, and the kids all came out. They even spent a couple nights here since transportation was an issue. Matt and I spoke late the first night, as he described the terrors of jail. Inspired by his tales, I've started a colored-pencil rendering of one of his mug shots (though it's going very slow). Sadly, after many hours of work I put into the drawing the first few days I started it, I haven't been able to get back at it due to lack of focus.
	One for the retard record book went down in history last week, when I let my iPod Touch totally submerge in the toilet. I'll spare the reader the details of this massively stupid mistake, by just saying the beautiful hardware could have been spared if I had just closed the toilet lid before taking a shower. If there can be an upside to something so hideous, I ended up buying the newer version, which includes a built-in speaker, and faster processor.
	Finally, I have received an initial check from the SSA, for about 2300 dollars. Hopefully, subsequent checks will be directly deposited to a special account that I have a debit card for. This whole SS thing is still very new, so none of the details are certain to me yet. For instance, I do not know which day of the month I actually get the payment.
	There is still no date set when I will get the back payment, which Hal and my mom are impatiently waiting for. Every time I get something in the mail they quickly enquire into the contents. They would like to be compensated for the many months that I have lived here rent free, and rightly so, they should be compensated. Though, as to the amount, I'm not certain, but four or five thousand dollars I think would be fair.
	Then again, planning on what to do with money that one does not possess is foolish, at best. 

	( 2/5/09 )
	It was about 1:30 in the afternoon when I got a bizarre phone call from my sister, Becky. As soon as I answered she immediately requested I pick up Max from school. Because of the fact that she was crying hysterically, I responded "yes," I would go get him. Then, before I completed the sentence: "I'll leave right now, because it will take some time to walk over there," she was already muttering some bizarre details of her current ordeal. "There's five police cars in front of my house," doesn't quite clarify my understanding of what the fuck is going on over there.
	"My friends called the cops on me. I don't know what's going to happen."
	By the next day she had calmed down, and declared it a misunderstanding. At least that is what she would like us to think. But I know Becky too well to buy that. When details emerge we find that, yes, some neighbors did call the police, because Becky was dragging out large pieces of furniture and other belongings out of a house, a few doors down from hers, that had recently been foreclosed on, and boarded-up. Apparently, Becky had permission from the recently-booted residents, but I'm not quite sure it was their permission to give at that point. Perhaps the most disturbing realization of Becky shopping for five-fingered furniture discounts in vacant houses, is that by no means does Becky have the need for any furniture whatsoever. In fact, she should be concerned with trying to get rid of objects, not acquiring more. Remember, this is someone who currently has a jacuzzi in her living room, because it's the only place where there is room for it (this, too became an issue with the police).
	In any case the police did, indeed, arrive. Surprisingly, the cops didn't really like the whole idea of people going into other peoples houses to see if there might be anything worth taking. Somehow she managed to not get arrested, but the police had come into contact with her, and that familiarity will only shorten their fuse in the future.
	When the officers questioned Becky about a strange stink emitting out of her house, she admitted that it must have been from a putrid hot-tub she's been keeping in the living-room. So disturbed by that fact, the police said that could be grounds enough for a call to Child Protective Services.
	Eventually, the questioning concluded, and Becky retreated back into her house, relieved her freedom was intact. But all those police cars remained, parked out front. Becky theorized that they were just waiting for her to try to drive off (they knew she had to soon pick up her son from school) so they could pull her over and bust her that way (for expired tags, or lapsed emissions test). And that is where I come in. She was afraid to go pick up Max in her van, so I walked over there and brought him back here. Later that evening Becky got a ride from someone and picked him up.
	It pains me very much to say it, but if Becky continues on the path she's on now, I don't see her maintaining legal custody of her son. Besides just stupid decisions, like this one, she consistently, and knowingly, breaks the law with, seemingly, no regard. One bad slip-up, and she could find herself in a position that could take years to recover from.
	
	( 2/13/09 )
	Sarah is coming here today. I'll be picking her up from Tucson, where she has been working at a gem show for the past week. On the nineteenth she flies back to Minneapolis, via PHX.
	Dr. Powell, my psychologist, said he'll be very curious to see how this visit goes.
	
	( 2/26/09 )
	My visit with Sarah didn't really go the way I thought it would. Well, I didn't really have some sort of idea of how it would go. I just thought I would have a good time. There was some bright spots, but for the most part I found myself miserable.
	Sarah still has issues controlling her anger, though she does seem to have a better realization of the problem, and a quicker recovery.
	We had a good time hiking around Papago Peak. That was probably the best day. We only had sex once in six days, and after that first time I would have opted out of any further opportunities for intercourse. For some reason I found the act disgusting. Not because of Sarah, I thought she was beautiful (if a few pounds on the chunky side). Just the idea, the concept of sex itself. Which is to say, sex would still be gross even if I could choose any person I wanted to have it with. When one looks at the act of sex objectively, removing the desire and biological motivation, it is pretty sickening. I mean would throw your cock into a cow's asshole? Yeah, I didn't think so. Yet we don't really even question the disgusting nature of sex.
	I missed my appointment with Dr. Powell. I didn't even call to cancel, and now I'm very upset with myself.
	
	( 3/7/09 )
	Yesterday I finally, after ten days, listened to the message Dr. Powell left on my phone. For some reason I imagined him furious that I missed my appointment. In reality he probably was happy to take the hour off. In the message he just calmly reminded me of my next appointment, and asked if I would give him a call back. After hearing that I felt silly about how much anxiety this shit has provoked. Missing that appointment was not worth the internal turmoil that it put me through.
	Because I only see him biweekly, I should be making these psychology sessions. I'm still not certain that they are making any difference, but I know they are not doing harm.
	The truth is these mental health appointments are difficult, painful, and agonizing. When that hour is over though, I feel great for the rest of the day, but I think that's just because I'm so happy to get out of that hospital.
	
	( 3/15/09 )
	Today was a very sad day. Hal, my mom, and I took Rosalba to the vet to be euthanized. I watched as the doctor administered the lethal injection. As Rosalba silently slipped away the tiny waiting room echoed the sounds of our sorrows. Peacefully, went her soul to who knows where?
	Though difficult as it was to say goodbye to Rosie forever, there is an upside to her passing. Throughout the preceding months Rosalba had become increasingly harder to care for. Her lack of control recently led to her donning a diaper, which had to be washed and dried in constant repetition. Several large stones, and hundreds of smaller size came out when she urinated (the largest had a diameter the size of a nickel). I imagine it must have been painful though she didn't appear to be hurting.
	I will miss Rosalba a lot.
	Yesterday I found a twenty dollar bill on the ground.
	
	( 3/23/09 )
	My mother just informed me that Hal's fucking mom and dad, and his retarded sister, are coming in two days. I'm very angry because I will once again be displaced from my room, so some idiot can be in here. This shit makes me want to fucking scream so loud.
	Situations like this would not be so bad if I wasn't forced out of my room every time. At least I would have some refuge. Somewhere I could go when I got tired of faking a smile.
	One possible remedy is heading to a hotel from Wednesday to Sunday while they're here.
	By the way, I don't really feel any sort of hatred to Hal's relatives. They are perfectly fine people. I was obviously very angry when I wrote those things about them. Now, a few hours later, I've cooled off a lot, but I'm still mad concerning the fact of being displaced for no good reason. The fact is my mother just purchased an air mattress for situations just like this. Now she's balking over using the mattress, claiming Hal's sister is too old to use it. I call bullshit!
	
	( 4/1/09 )
	My grim prediction has proven true. Much sooner than I imagined, Becky has not only lost custody of her son Max, she's been arrested and charged with four felonies. The worst of which is distribution of marijuana (apparently she had a pound of weed in her possession).
	Less than two months after her initial run-in with police, she's gone from mother to inmate. Currently jailed, Becky is now attempting to coordinate her release; contacting our father for bail money, and her friend James for transportation from the jail.
	Of course, child protective services has also become involved. As is stands now, my mother and Hal are Max's legal guardians. Becky is allowed zero contact with Max, not even over the phone. The father currently doesn't seem very interested in getting custody, which is surprising to me. When he first heard of the situation Max Sr. was going to try to help Becky get out of jail. Then he went to Becky's house to retrieve the title's to the boat or his Porsche. When he saw a video camera Becky recently purchased, he powered it up only to find something horrific: a sex tape! The stars of this video were Becky, and some young, unknown, anonymous stud. Max reacted by proclaiming Becky a "crack whore," then immediately withdrew himself from any further efforts to bring her home.
	Now is a very important time for Becky. Will she hit bottom and be determined to put this life behind her? Or will she pretend to right her track, but continue to place her desires at hand before all else?
	Said or unsaid, this decision has already been made in her mind. Only time will tell which direction she chose. Obviously, she would have one believe she has taken the righteous path.
	
	( 4/11/09 )
	The unthinkable has happened. My mother, in a desperate moment, agreed to let Becky move in this house. She went to a planned meeting with CPS, Becky also attended. She had already decided, along with Hal and I, that it would be impossible to live with Becky. Yet, during that meeting she caved in. When I found out I actually cried, knowing what would eventually happen.
	Now, Becky has been here for four or five days. As one would predict, for the first couple days she was on her best behavior. Though surprisingly, the very first night she went dumpster diving, which I saw as very troubling.
	Becky is becoming increasingly comfortable here. It appears that she is, slowly but surely, attempting to transform this house into hers. At first she seemed to be cleaning up after herself, and enforcing that Max clean any messes he created. Now, after just a few days, she's thrown all rules out the window. There are bits and pieces of things everywhere. Nothing she and Max touches is in its right place. After dying easter eggs she never cleaned up. Twenty four hours later all the dye, supplies, and news print is still all over the kitchen table.
	
	( 5/1/09 )
	Becky has been living here for three weeks, and her attitude is steadily reverting back to pre-arrest mode. When she first got released from jail I thought she had a real willingness to change. But by now she has consistently demonstrated her willingness to fight for her degenerate lifestyle.
	Several obstacles have been placed before her: from meetings with child protective services, to random urinalysis testing, to complying with the demands of the court, both criminal and family. Of course, for a normal person these hurdles would be little more than the annoyance of a commute, but if you have little control of yourself, as Becky does, they are much more than a mere hitch.
	Yesterday, as Becky, little Max, and I were on our way to the school to drop Max off in the morning, I detected the telltale behavior of one under the influence of methamphetamine. She has to take a drug test tomorrow morning. Is forty-eight hours enough time for the speed to be displaced? Will she attempt to cheat the test and sneak in another person's urine? Perhaps she will purchase her husbands old standby: UrineLuck. We'll see...
	
	( 5/12/09 )
	To follow up on my speculation of how Becky might circumvent her mandatory drug testing requirements, I've learned through a highly reliable source with first-hand knowledge, that she is getting very expensive drinks which upon drinking it the onset of its cleansing effect take about an hour. From there, the adulterant gives its user a four to five hour window to successfully (chemically) camouflage their illicit drug use. 
	Companies peddling these elixers brag at length that their solutions are "guaranteed" to enable one to pass a drug test. Even offering triple your money back if you fail. Surely a small consolation to a lost job, but they are putting their money where their mouth is. That said, I've never used any these concoctions. So I suppose we'll get to learn if these super detox drinks work as advertised, or are they just modern day snake-oil marketed to desperate degenerates.
	As for home life, Becky has been spending more time here as of late. Which is, as you might have guessed, making things even more difficult for me. My mother informed me that yesterday, when I wasn't present, she complained that I was being mean to her. How was I mean, you ask? Because I was conversing with her at a level she deemed sub-par. According to her, even though I acknowledged her speaking, my verbal replies were not of sufficient length. Apparently, Becky seems to believe that if one doesn't applaude her every statement or opinion, regardless how warped, one must be intentionally trying to hurt her. Or perhaps they are attempting to rip her away from her much beloved carefree criminal conduct.  
	But honestly, all I'm trying to accomplish is to politely communicate to her that I am not interested in hearing stories of her daily crisis, and criminal exploits.
	Countless times I've been told, "If you don't have anything nice to say..."

	
	( 5/17/09 )
	Dr. Munshi, my current psychiatrist, has bailed on three appointments in a row. My next appointment is on the twenty seventh and if I do get to actually see her it will be the first time in four months. Ridiculous!
	What makes these missed appointments worse is that I'm trying to get medications switched from venlafaxine to an MAOI. When I was prescribed an MAOI in the past I noticed a remarkable change in my mood and focus. After four of five days I felt naturally compelled to contact some old friends I hadn't spoken to for about six years. I think about these guys all the time and love the idea of getting back in touch with them, but I'd never felt enough interest to spark my desire into action. The MAOI changed that; it pushed my interest over the edge and, without contemplation, I sought out phone numbers and actually talked with some of them.
	Regrettably, these changes didn't last. After just a couple weeks dangerous side effects had produced enough alarm in me to inform Dr. Munshi. When I described to her hypertensive crises I was experiencing she switched my anti-depressant medication back to a, less powerful, but safer SSR/NI.
	What strikes me as the most bizarre aspect of this whole situation is that I can't visualize the possibility of regaining enough desire to contact anyone again. Currently I don't speak to any people, besides my doctors and my family who lives under this roof with me. That's it, I don't have friends and I don't want friends. Yet, after my mood suddenly uplifted I couldn't imagine the possibility of reverting back to the state I'm currently in. It just wasn't conceivable. Just as a happy person can't make sense of a person committing suicide. It's just so far away that it's impossible.
	
	( 6/1/09 )
	After the initial power struggle during the first few weeks my sister, Becky, seemed to have reluctantly fallen into her place here at the house. After getting out of jail the realities of non-compliance must have felt very real. So I thought she had already accepted the fact that she vas just going to have to grin and bear the fact that her life would have to change. That this house is run a whole lot different than hers. For instance, piles of dirty clothes gather throughout her house, while that would never happen here. Here everybody has their own private areas to do what they please, while the common areas are, for the most part, kept relatively clean. At her house the boundaries are much more blurred, if existent at all. Dirty dishes will remain in her sink for many days at a time, but here they would never linger for more than 24 hours; even that long would be rare. The two abodes are nearly polar environments.
	For her son, Max, the sudden switch must have been not only jarring, but confusing as well. Imagine all the rules you've grown accustomed to changed overnight. The aesthetic you've lived in all your life flipped upside-down! It quickly became all too apparent that Max had not been taught to clean up after himself. Personally, I believe that a five year old (Max's age when he began living here; he's six now) should be learning to keep his room clean. Apparently, Becky disagrees with me on this point. It was obvious that maintaining a clean room was an alien concept to little Max. I noticed a pattern that was a major contributor to the messy room: when playing Max would move from one toy to the next without putting the previous toy away. One can clearly see if this is kept up over the period of a day the ensuing mess will grow to unmanageable proportions. Simply putting his toys away before moving to a different one would greatly improve the situation. But something even this elementary was never enforced in his previos home. Obviously, Becky is passively perpetuating the needless acquisition of bad habits, and negative behaviors.
	This morning, Becky perfectly defined and crystallized her current predicament in one single act. It all started when I finished having some cereal for breakfast. Picking up my empty bowl, I noticed a few stray Fruity Pebbles on the table. Since I had just finished eating Cocoa Pebbles, I knew Max must have spilt them earlier. Nine times out of ten I'd take the easy route and put the pebbles in the trash myself, but the day was young and my resolve still intact. As I was bringing Max back to the kitchen to clean up the cereal he left behind, I noticed Becky's scowling gaze in the general direction of the mess. Being accustomed to the routine behaviors of Becky, I knew what would follow. Instead of confronting me upfront, she would test the waters of her argument on my mother, while still making sure the sound of her yelling would reach my ears. After concluding that no one would back her opinion she then commences attack upon me. 
	Desperately, she quickly scanned the room with her eyes. Then she locks on to something on a small table in the corner of the room. It's my canister of tobacco (for rolling cigarrettes with). "You leave that tobacco there all the time! Put it in your room, it deeply offends me," she screamed.
	"Okay," I said. As I stood up and grabbed it then put it in my room.
	Still enraged, Becky searched the premises for other objects she could claim I left in disarray. She found nothing. Then it was back to my mom. "Did you see what he just did? He made baby Max pick up two tiny pieces of cereal!"
	I wondered what she thought the threshold should be for making Max clean up. Maybe if he had left behind, say, five or six pieces. Or perhaps, if the cereal's shape was larger, like shredded wheat is, then two pieces would be enough of a visual distraction that it would warrant enforcing a clean up.
	
	( 6/16/09 )
	Once again, another blow up from Rebecca. This time she was angry with everyone: Mom, myself, even Mimi! Just a few minutes ago, she just stormed out of here after letting out a weird screaming cry.
	It would be so nice if she was just a normal addict, and not such an evil person.
	When anyone attempts to talk with Becky about things she is doing wrong she enters a  pattern of argument that has become obvious because of the numbers and frequency:
		first, she starts yelling.
		Then she outright denies any sort of wrongdoing.
		Next she plays the semantics game.
		When faced with the facts she'll finally make an admission.
		Finally she'll either flip the blame, or she'll bring up past 				transgressions, committed by you or others, to lessen the significance of her own problems.
		
	( 7/20/09 )
	Hal and my mother are in Costa Rica on vacation. So Becky has been staying here at the house much more than usual. Mimi and I have both been silently suffering for days now.
	After I dropped Max off this morning at summer camp we were finally alone together. Well it didn't take too long for the commiserating to commence. So organically it begins. We must have gone back and forth, trading our peeves and outrages, for forty-five minutes.
	Some times it just feels good to assassinate someone's character behind their back.
	I can only hope Becky's attendance will revert when my mother's vacation is over.
	
	( 9/15/09 )
	I really wish that I would not let such chunks of time elapse between these entries. Mom and Hal have been back from Costa Rica for more than a month. Mimi has been visiting Pam and Lynn in California for the past five of six weeks. More continuity, I'm sure, could partially ease the suffering of any potential readers of this utter crap writing.
	For a while I thought my mood had been getting better, or at least remaining consistent and even. But now I think that I just gotten very accustomed to feeling empty and void of drive.
	I know it's not getting better, because I have no desire to reach out and talk to any one. These days it is so simple to get in touch with friends or others from one's past, hardly any effort at all. Yet still, with the exception of the month I was taking Nardil, I have not once felt compelled to so much as type an e-mail.
	There has got to be something not working in me. To be solitaire for so long...
	Sarah just tried to call me ( 9:36 p.m. ) - I didn't pick up.
	
	( 9/16/09 )
	DishNetwork is sending a technician to the house today. Why? HDTV! That's right; the high resolution revolution has trickled down to the middle class.
	Every time we go to Costco (or any of the other big electronic retailers for that matter) we stare at those big crisp sets with envy, but no more. Mom and Hal bought one display for their room, and I bought a 37" screen to go in the living room.
	So if all goes according to plan, by this time tomorrow I will on the cutting edge of TV technology.

	( 10/20/09 )
	Today is the first I have felt that it is important that I get out of here, and get an apartment for myself: alone.
	Matt looks to be moving in here, but that is not the reason. In fact, this idea has been slowly gaining momentum in my mind for some time. Just now it seems that getting out is inevitable if I want to maintain (perhaps regain?) some semblance of mental health.

	( 11/2/09 )
	Becky got into yet another accident - wait, scratch that, let's call it what it is: a car crash. When accident frequency drops down to monthly/bi-monthly range, the appropriateness of the term "accident" comes into question.
	What is unquestionable though, is that my sister should be kept off the roads. The police at the scene told Becky her license was already suspended, so she should not have been driving. Of course, Becky claims that fact was a surprise to her. "I checked at the courthouse just a couple weeks ago, when I had to drive Max there."
	One could question if that statement is truthful, but that would be overlooking a deeper more serious concern. Becky has now been in numerous crashes, scary and dangerous crashes, and she has not changed one thing to try and prevent future occurrences. In fact after each she rushes out and gears up for next. I must conclude that Becky will either get seriously injured/killed in a crash, or kill/seriously injure someone else.
	Becky claims that the other driver was at fault. But the other driver was going straight when Becky pulled out making a left from the street running perpendicular to the road the other driver was on. Becky's Mercedes was t-boned by the other car. If we are to believe Becky that it was not her fault, then the only scenario that makes sense is:
		When Becky arrived at the intersection and prepared to take a left, the other driver was far enough away as to not be seen by Becky, and was going so fast that when Becky crossed into the intersection the car suddenly came into view instantly before crashing into the side of her car.
	
	I must have failed to report here that about 3-4 months ago Becky was driving up here in her big white van and got into a bad crash with a little pick-up truck. It happened on Estrella Pkwy. ~ 1/4 mile from where she would have turned on San Miguel. Somehow she drifted left and drove onto and then across the island (separating the north and south lanes) eventually ending up crashing into the truck that was heading in the opposite direction!
	I'm surprised that I forgot to put this in this journal at the time. I must have been in a state of paralysis.
	
	Tammy and her brother took a bat to Matt's car while he was at work. Then Tammy yelled into the restaurant (where he works: Sushi Creek) that Matt was a drug dealer, and a deadbeat dad, and said they should fire him. Well this eventually got back to the owner of the joint and Matt did get fired. Which is in fact why he moved in here.
	Matt was really depressed there for a few days. No car, no way to find a job, Tammy being a bitch insisting he can't see his kids, he breaks down crying, says he is quitting marijuana...
	So Hal and my mother are giving him a thousand bucks, I'm going to pitch in a thousand, and Mimi is giving a few hundred so he could get a new car and insurance and stuff. He got a Saturn. It's a 2001 model, but is in tremendous shape.
	Matt is spending more, and more time here. He just put a bunch of his clothes in my closet. See, I'm literally being squeezed out.
	I've been thinking about how to tell my mom that I want to move out. If, or when, I do move out I have decided that I will not want any help doing the actual physical moving (beyond acquiring a car that I will have to purchase). The reason for this is because I don't like helping others move.
	
	( 11/4/09 )
	During therapy today I experience a mini-epiphany. The reason it's so difficult for me to tell Mimi to stop putting the dogs in and out of the house fifteen times an hour, or to inform Matt that he shouldn't discard his cigarette butts by littering the backyard is because to do so would reveal that I have feelings, that I care.
	I spend so much effort trying to convince the world that I'm always unfazed. I'm so wrapped up with the notion of "acting natural," that to admit something upsets me would so betray this fundamental tenet that it becomes a line nearly impossible to cross.
	
	( 11/15/09 )
	Since my last entry there have been small, but significant changes here. Now that I'm trying to single out, or highlight what has changed exactly, I find it difficult to identify.
	For sure, the bathroom has been staying cleaner, longer. Plus, the continued peppering of the backyard with cigarette butts, has ceased. Besides those superficial changes, though, there has been a subtle decrease of tension.
	Matt, who has been struggling to find a job since he moved in here, got a lucky break. A sushi restaurant, here in Goodyear, has hired him. It's only two or three nights a week, but we are all happy for him. Now he is trying to find a job for mornings. Claim Jumper might be hiring him.
	
	( 11/22/09 )
	Today I've been doing some homework for the Stanford iPhone programming class. Very challenging and fun.
	
	( 11/27/09 )
	Thanksgiving was, once again, nightmarish. Highlighted by the fact that I remained sober throughout. I didn't bail out halfway through, though looking back I question that decision.
	So many people, so little thought, equals much noise pollution.
	Through the use of sleep pattern modification, I'm actively attempting to minimize the time I must be consciously be in the presence of all these people.
	
	( 12/2/09 )
	Sleep is difficult for me. Last night was especially trying. So I didn't get out of bed until 11:30 this morning. Now I'm missing my appointment at the V.A. with Dr. Powell. There's no proper excuse for missing this appointment. I believe it is important and helpful, and I should have made it. I just couldn't pull myself together in time. (I believe this is the third appointment I've missed since starting therapy with Powell)
	If forced to give a reason underlying this issue I would say this all stems from the hullabaloo surrounding Thanksgiving. Displaced from my room, a long weekend with four small monsters, the equally monstrous mess resulting from said monstrosities. It all adds up, 'til it just gets overwhelming.
	Then, Matt and Becky come at me together. Matt asks me if I'll watch his kids for three hours this evening. Easy enough, so I agreed. But the next night he has to work again and Becky claims that I promised to babysit the kids both nights. That got me so fucking steamed! Anger wouldn't stop intruding for three hours. I couldn't get that shit out of my mind. I hate it when I can't get control over my thoughts.
	
	( 12/14/09 )
	Today I transferred $1280.00 to my mother.
	That covers the eighty dollars I owed her for incidentals, $300 for December's rent, and the remaining $900 will cover my rent through March.
	
	( 12/28/09 )
	Christmas
	My dad gave me seventy-five bucks. Mom and Hal gave me 100, and two RC helicopters. Matt gave me ipod/cellphone holder. Becky gave me a travel toothbrush sanitizer.
	I got matt an RC helicopter. For my dad: a National Geographic subscription. Mom: a Lahey bread book. Hal: a Gerber knife, and a pocket chain saw.
	Little Max: Bakugan set of traps that combine to form one big battler.
	
	( 12/31/09 )
	Hal's parents arrived this evening. They drove from Salt Lake, with (Hal's sister) Pam. It took them two days travel to get here.
	I believe Hal said they'll be here for at least a few days. 
	Acting happy that they are here is straining for sure. I should savor these moments with them because there is a very good chance that this will be the last time I'll be seeing them. Both his mother and father are in their nineties.
	They rub me the wrong way, being very dismissive of anything that doesn't fit in their neatly defined set of values. For instance, if there is swearing in a movie they act offended. I'd bet if no one was present to observe their reaction to the offense their display would be nil. Another thing that pissed me off was when I saw Kito jump up onto the couch to inspect and say hi to Hal's dad, he was just as swiftly swatted down, knocked to the floor. Seeing that I thought, "You don't live here asshole. You don't know how we treat our dogs. Perhaps you should err on the side of kindness, instead of your apparently default behavior of cruelty towards animals." I find this type of insidious, and silent, sign of contempt worse than an overt statement.
	Hal's mom is no fun either. She sure loves a good guilt trip. Hal went to lay down on the couch as the rest played pinochle, and his mother says, "I'm going home." Letting Hal know she is miserable unless he is receiving his attention.
	Pam's husband, Jim, is also here tonight. This guy is a real jerk, constantly trying to crack jokes. Desperately letting everybody know he's funny. 
	I swear, these people are making me sick. Sick I tell you!
	Happy knew year.
	So for the next few days, at least, I'll just have to grin and bear it.
	
	( 1/9/10 )
	Good riddance, I say, to the holidays.
	One topic that is frequently raised in my therapy sessions is identity. Specifically, my lacking of a true, deep-seated, identity. Why? Because up until I was fourteen I was posing in a role imposed on me, and straining at that. Being preoccupied and thus, unable to realize my self.
	I was thinking about a documentary I watched about the early fight for gay rights. While historically most gays remained closeted, some began to come out in the late 1960's only to be faced with harsh discrimination. But some remained determined, even demanding that they should have equal rights.
	Of course now it is generally accepted that gays are normal people, but until recently were considered criminals.
	I'm beginning to think heroin is part of my identity, and perhaps, instead of rolling over I should fight, to demand equality. Just as gays were once relegated to slums and back alleys so is the modern junkie. 
	Despite widespread beliefs, there is nothing inherently evil in opiate addiction. 
	"What about the gangs, and the violence? Not to mention making all the bad guys rich?"
	Obviously those things are very bad. Though they are merely the consequence of heroin's legal status. If heroin was freely and legally available there would be nothing to fight for.
	Surely, in a drought-stricken community violence could erupt over something as innocuous as water. Who would be willing to die of thirst when you know the guy across the street has some water hidden in his basement. Todays situation with heroin is worse than a drought, because the lack of supply is artificial.
	
	( 1/13/10 )
	After seeing Avatar, Matt decides to eat his birthday dinner at Claim Jumper (which is also his current employer).
	
	( 1/30/10 )
	My aunt Gloria is very happy this evening. She got a new (used) Mac Mini, and I got a karma upgrade.
	When I tried to help her fix the computer the mini is replacing I quickly realized it was a lost cause. Apparently she had been encountered with the proposition of a stuffed hard drive. Filled with the results of downloading pirated music and movies on impulse. Her solution was one that most computer savvy users would employ: make more room by deleting files one has no use for. If her idea was sensible, her implementation was frighteningly dense. After pruning the system of the files she deemed disposable all that was left was iTunes, iPhoto, and a lonely copy of Firefox.
	Yes, she had deleted all matters of System and Library folder and everything else on the computer that shouldn't be messed with. The last resort of a clean install was shot down when I learned her optical drive was broken beyond repair. 
	All I could think to offer was to help her buy a new box. So I pitched in two-hundred, and she put up the remaining two-hundred-fifty. A CraigsList search, and a drive to Scottsdale and back and now she is the proud and giddy owner of an Intel Core Duo, 1.8GHz Mac Mini with one gigabyte of ram. Admittedly, it's not a screamer, but it sure beats her previous PPC based mini.
	Of course I had to spend a few hours to help get it up and running. I got a little scared when it refused my Snow Leopard upgrade DVD. The installer didn't like the fact that there was no copy of Leopard to write over. I thought we were screwed until I remembered Target Disk Mode. Just hold the 'T' key during startup, while two computers are connected via Firewire. Then I designated the Mini's drive as the Startup Disk in System Preferences.app, from there I just restarted with Snow Leopard's upgrade DVD in the little guy, and proceeded as usual.
	
	Oh, I almost forgot; Sarah is coming out here for a week, starting on February ninth.

	( 2/19/10 )
	In hoping for the likelihood of a future query of this record, I would like to propose to my future self a more careful consideration before committing to any visit with Sarah. Please recall how miserable you were last time. Remember that after the first day her presence only plagued your mind, as you counted down the days waiting to reclaim normalcy. Only after she fell asleep could you relax, but even then carefully remained silent, as to not disturb her slumber.
	Despite the fact that my sex drive is weak it was the main motivation for buying the plane ticket to bring Sarah out here. No sex would be had though. Going from just one instance of sex during her previous visit, and this time none at all, leaves me with not much optimism for the future.
	Was there any highlights, anything positive to come out of this? No, not really. She generally treated me like shit, and I'm the asshole because that is how she always is, and I'm an idiot to think she would be otherwise.
	Ben, I hope you've learned your lesson this time.

	( 2/25/10 )
	Disturbing patterns emerge, causing much dismay. 
	Two days in a row Matt has brought Tammy and their kids over here. Matt and the kids I don't mind much, but Tammy is truly evil; a real villain.
	For years I thought Tammy was just a depressed person with a bitchy streak, I'll be fooled no more. After she got her brother to take a baseball bat to Matt's car though, the reality became apparent. Matt was fired, from a job he loved, because of that incident. While her brother conducted the car bashing, which took place in Matt's employers parking lot while he was working, Tammy went into the restaurant to make sure his boss heard when she screamed that he was a drug dealing, deadbeat dad. As far as I know he is neither.
	When Tammy and her brother were both arrested she had the nerve to get angry at Matt, and later my mother, for refusing to bail her out. After getting out came a series of the nastiest text messages she could muster which she sent to my mother. Well, I should say my mother was the main target — Becky, Matt, and myself were all hit by shrapnel as well. 
	(Hopefully I can get the actual text messages to include here)
	Now that the real tammy has been revealed I can think of her no other way. When I hear her entering pleasant conversation with my grandmother I know it's fake. Every action she makes is motivated solely for her own benefit.
	I've also noticed that the only time Tammy ever comes here my mother is, conveniently, absent. Fucking bitch.
	
	( 3/9/10 )
	Went to the VA today. I saw Dr. Munshi and Dr. Powell. Most of the day was cold and rainy.
	When I finally got home, about seven p.m., Sarah called. She had a tale to tell about a terrible business trip. She was to travel around selling jewelry and beads at trade-shows around the U.S. Her boss turned out to be a creepy asshole. The situation got so bad she fled home after just one show.
	She sounded pretty down. Having already taken the time off of her normal job, she'll have to spend the next month unemployed. Expressing her frustration in getting her fledgling business off the ground, she complained of the difficulties of using Windows and not having her own computer.
	In fact, I have been contemplating buying her one over a year. So today I finally offered. She excitedly accepted and chose a new 21 inch iMac (model # MC413LL/A).
	Even though she hinted that I should also pay to retrieve and ship a bunch of "our" stuff from Seattle to her, it still made me feel good to hear Sarah happy. Honestly, I could see her smiling face and feel her hug me. For me it is so much easier to like someone when I'm not around them.
	I still love Sarah a lot. There is much to love about her, but when we're actually together I can't seem to enjoy myself. Then I find when she's gone I miss her.
	
	( 3/17/10 )
	Sarah called, but I couldn't answer. She did email though, "this is the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me. Thank you for helping me out when I really needed it!"
	Reading that made me happy. I'm just glad I could be of service when I felt it was needed.
	Around every bend is the constant confrontation with the fact that people are true assholes to each other. Seldom does one witness an act of real selflessness. I don't claim to be above that prevailing truth, but I am explicitly attempting not to expect anything in return.
	
	( 3/18/10 )
	We 've had some heavy rain this winter. The rain revealed leaks in Hal's office, which is also being used as Max's room.
	Hal came home from work and informed me that the workers hired to make the repairs would be coming the following day. He asked if I could helm him move everything (yes, EVERYTHING) out of that room so the work could be done. I agreed and we started the work together.
	During this transit, which in essence was moving two tons of trash from one room to another, I became infuriated. The point of this is to explain why I feel my anger is justified.
	The bulk of the garbage to be moved was Hal's collections of books, tapes, toys, papers, DVDs, and magazines. While I personally am not prone to acquiring items for the purpose of building a collection, I think as long as you've got the space and the money, I see nothing horribly wrong with it. But while the collection may bring joy to the collector it also has disadvantages. After the fun of shopping and purchasing one has to store and maintain his collection.
	Want to collect dog shit? Great! Just make sure you keep it in a scent proof area.
	Maybe ten-ton boulders fit your fancy? Fine, but don't expect me to have the tractor you'll need to get those rocks in order.
	In other words, Hal, don't burden others in your pursuit of acquisition. I don't care to watch your movies or read your books. So the next time you need help maintaining your shit, please, don't ask. I suggest getting a big garbage bag.
	
	( 3/19/10 )
	Champion suddenly became very ill today. At first I thought he had eaten something poisonous. Over the course of the day though it became apparent he was suffering from hypotension, not even able to muster enough energy to sit up.
	As he laid on the back patio I did my best to comfort him. And he did seem to be comfortable, not uttering even a whimper all day. He maintained eye contact with me as I moved about the backyard, remaining loyal even in his final moments.
	The vet found his body riddled with tumors, and they put him to sleep late this evening.
	
	( 3/25/10 )
	With Champion gone my mother is determined to find a replacement. After all, what kind of family could thrive with only two dogs? The search commenced the day after Champ was euthanized. we visited several of Phoenix' pounds and shelters, but alas no dogs we saw really stood out. My mom claimed she would know it when the right dog was before her.
	With no luck on that  first day she ventured out again the next, with Hal this time. I was quite surprised when she arrived home that evening empty handed.
	Word got back to my mother that Tammy had taken in a stray. After Matt declared the stray would not be staying mom quickly swooped in, stating the occurrence was too serendipitous to pass up. This seemed to be the sign she had been waiting for. The little male pup was named Hachiko
	
	( 4/10/10 )
	Now that the doggie dust has settled I can take a much needed breath. After all the piss and shit at least there is one positive to emerge from the filth.
	Approximately one year of age, his name is Hans and he is a Pug. Having received a thorough shampooing he is so soft, fluffy, and clean. His coat the palest yellow, and his tail two shades lighter. Plus he already has a single minded devotion towards yours truly.
	A heart breaker, indeed.
	
	Becky loves to believe she can alter history. The problem is everyone lets her get away with it. Whenever she does something horrible nobody holds it against her. Never apologizing, she just pretends her terrible deeds never occurred. Not this time!
	In the midst of a screaming fit she yelled, "I'm never coming over here again!"
	One can imagine how surprised I was when, just two days later, I spotted her back on these very premises. "What are you doing here, Becky? Didn't you promise to never come here again?"
	I had been waiting to deliver that line, it felt good, but she didn't respond. The only words she could muster were, a lame, "shut up."
	But that short exchange left me quite delighted. It was as if Becky was forced to face the paradoxical fact that I was not dragged into her altered past along with everyone else.
	I am a lone holdout from the unaltered past...
	
	( 4/13/10 )
	Utilizing fake laughter is common in the context of social interaction. Often one observes individuals inserting the faux laugh where  a real laugh would be expected, if only the situation had been funny enough to induce a genuine laugh. Admittedly, I drop fake laughs to help overcome uncomfortable moments during social interaction.
	Despite its routine use, I find the fake laugh annoying at the very least. When overused though, a fake laugh can become utterly obnoxious.
	A prime example of this sort of abuse is my sister, Becky. As I type she is watching TV while fake laughing about every minute or so. I'm not sure if she is aware that fake laughs are supposed to sound convincing. To call her performance unrealistic would be giving her too much credit.
	Day after day this fucking fake laugh drives me mental. If there was just some way to show her how fucking annoying she really is.
	One way to escape the auditory torture is to drown the sound out. I've got an application on my computer that generates white noise. Just turn up the volume until her sickening voice is finally absent.
	
	Oh, I ordered an iPad!
	I went along with my mother today to the Apple store to get the battery in Mimi's iPod replaced. They had about ten display iPads to play with. I was surprised by how quick it felt considering the small amount of RAM (256MB).
	Mimi was surprised when I quickly pulled up Max's Bakugan video on the YouTube application.
	
	( 4/17/10 )
	2005 was the last time I did heroin. Since then my cravings for opiates have slowly waned (mind you, I have been prescribed low dose Suboxone since 2005), but in the last year or so the obsession has made a comeback. I can honestly say I have no real desires, no expectations, and no hope for change.
	What keeps me going is the idea that some time in the distant future I will be able to use heroin with impunity. I might move to Switzerland, where doctors believe giving heroin addicts prescribed heroin is the most successful treatment. Perhaps our legal system will come to the enlightened conclusion that prohibition does far more harm than good.
	Currently addicts in the U.S. are seen as criminals. How maintaining or pursuing one's own happiness is defined as a crime is beyond me.
	Who is the victim of this crime? Some say society itself is victimized, for it loses it's members to addiction. Family members, and those that love or care for the addict, are also seen as victims according to the prohibitionist.
	If drugs were legal though addicts would no longer be criminals. As such, an addicts mere existence does not constitute a criminal behavior, and attitudes toward him will shift. The family will not be forced to face the burden of loving a criminal, and thus can shed their victim status.
	Imagine if government decided to make McDonalds illegal. Surely there would be a significant portion of who'll quit despite their love for McNuggets. Saying, "I loved their fries, sure, but I'm not willing to risk going to jail for them."
	Then, there would be the group of people who can't help themselves. After getting busted a few times, a stint or two in rehab, plus twelve-step meetings and "working their program" helps them arrive to a permanent state of recovery.
	Sadly, not all can be so lucky, some will never recover. Half-assed attempts just to get people off their backs obviously don't help, but even genuine whole-hearted efforts, after hitting rock bottom, won't stand the test of time.
	Addicts can be lulled into a false sense of security. Just as she feels she has finally regained control the mind musters a nocturnal assault. Betraying her best efforts, Raw memories spark vivid dreams of McRib,  r ,  jags
	
	Water, food, sleep: needs? "You can't equate illegal drugs with these obvious necessities"
	O.K. but imagine someone who's very cold everyday; they don't need a blanket or jacket, but I bet their sense of well being and desire to live would get a huge boost.
	Sometimes something which appears like a trivial change to one person can be profoundly transformative to another.
	
	
	Even when sequestered away, in an effort to avoid the idiocy of my sister, the repulsive sound of her voice can sneak through. Accompanying her vacuous voice is intolerant opinion based on uninformed ignorance.
	One example of her blind selfishness I find particularly grating: When Kito is startled by something seen or heard he barks, loudly and repeatedly (a behavior so common in dogs one could claim it is normal). Well, Becky doesn't like this as she always tries to shush the little guy. Funny thing is, Becky has no problem yelling and screaming with Max, and the sounds they make are much more annoying than a dog's bark. Is she unaware of the fact she produces the same pollution she so heartily objects?
	
	It is very difficult to respect someone who yells across the house for spelling help as they sit in front of a computer with a high-speed connection to the internet.
	
	Upon its haunting conclusion, Brokeback Mountain, Heath Ledger's character 

	( 4/23/10 )
	For the last couple of days I've felt slightly weakened. It wasn't as though I was weak all day though, just a few certain times. For instance, yesterday, as I was riding Max home from school. This evening it happened again; my mother arrived here from work with a bunch of groceries in her trunk. After I brought one of those big bags of dog food into the backyard, I plopped down on the couch and felt this weakness overcome my body.
	If I had to describe this weakness in terms of prior experience then hypotension would be close. Of course, clonidine induced hypotension, taken for opiate withdrawals, is overwhelming. But the feeling of, "I can't even move," is there.
	
	( 5/22/10 )
	Man! Writing just hasn't crossed my mind.
	
	( 5/30/10 )
	Yesterday I got a birthday card from the Kippermans. They are Judy's parents, but I call them grandma and grandpa anyway.
	Hopefully my forgetful mind will serve me better this year and I will remember to deposit it sooner
	
	Don't forget Max was a little jerk when Hunter was here today. I asked him to do something and he said "what do you matter?"
	Must remember to remind him of this attitude next time he wants to play with my iPad.
	
	( 6/5/10 )
	Finally cut my hair after six or seven months. Usually I cut it whenever I cut Champions hair. I skipped the end of winter hair cut since he died a few months ago. Embarrassingly I was looking more and more like a transient with each passing day. Not that I really cared about my appearance, but it was taxing my mind; the fact that I had to finish this one task in order to clear my mind. Now I don't have to walk around with that chore looming before me.
	
	( 6/7/10 )
	Drinking and driving is very dumb. For how many people are hurt or killed from it it's boggling to think how easily preventable those deaths and injuries are. Being the retards we are, humans just can't commit to not driving after they drink.
	
	( 6/18/10 )
	This place is driving me crazy. Do I want to leave here and get my own place? Yes that would be awesome. Whenever I mention this though my mom talks about how she couldn't maintain the current situation without me.
	Matt has been coming up here at an alarming frequency. Which wouldn't be that bad if he didn't bring along his three loud kids and barely supervise them, letting us clean up their mess after he leaves. Even worse is when he brings his bitch of a wife, Tammy, who puts on a smile and pretends the past never happened. Seeing her fake ass here is ridiculous considering all the shitty things she's said about my mom and I. And, by the way, never apologizing for anything. I could not imagine saying the things she has and then trying to cozy up to my victim with a straight face.
	
	Hal comes in my room and asks, "so I'll wake you up in the morning about eight?"
	I didn't know what he was talking about. "Gophers," he said.
	He did have a conversation with me about a month ago asking if I'd help him when he was recovering from knee surgery. I told him I didn't want to do it, but would if he was desperate.
	But since then I changed my mind. No more gophers for me. None. I thought about it: feeling obligated, I do a lot of favors for him because he gives me a ride home from the book store twice a month (plus he lets me live here for three-hundred dollars a month). But this wasn't a favor, it's working for peanuts under the hot sun all day to make him money. How about asking your son for the help, after all he is your partner in the gopher business? You no what he told me? That his son will want too much money. I think I made a good decision.
	
	( 6/28/10 )
	Yesterday I didn't wake up until 4:30 p.m. My sleep cycle is drifting into vampire territory. Trying to get back to a more traditional bedtime, I didn't sleep at all last night. Hopefully I'll get to sleep earlier tonight. Currently it is 8:30 p.m. and I can hardly keep my eyes open. Of course, for me, things change once I try to get to sleep.
	Foregoing sleep, I did get an early start to cleaning the house this morning, finishing up by about 1:30 p.m. Lately I haven't even been starting that task earlier than four in the after-noon.
	I see good in nothing, and find bad in nearly everything. Any sort of human interaction only causes annoyance. Just hearing someone's voice can spark rage in me, I'll literally hear screaming in my head.
	
	( 6/29/10 )
	Last night my sister really got me angry. The way she can walk into a quiet and peaceful situation and turn it into utter chaos demonstrates real thoughtlessness. Without any, apparent, consideration for others she walk right in and initiates yelling with Max. When she isn't here that kid is, for the most part, pretty quiet. The difference is quite striking.
	Boy, did it feel good when she asked me for a cigarette when it was too late for her to buy any. (it was for someone doing work for her, I guess.)
	Funny; she's over here now and I haven't heard any yelling yet. Well, she's only been here an hour.
	Becky must have heard me last night because she made no ruckus all day.
	
	( 7/6/10 )
	Hans is the biggest source of happiness in my life right now. Perhaps he is the only source of happiness. Feeling needed is a little frightening though, even when you are only needed by a dog.
	Recently I had to spend most of the day at the VA in downtown Phoenix. When I realized how long it had been since I saw little Hans I started crying. I missed Hans so bad that I couldn't stand it, and I broke down. I needed him just as much as he needed me. Our reunion that evening was so heartwarming that I felt replenished for three or four days. Hans and Kito are the most loving dogs that I've ever known.
	Holy shit, it's light out. It is five forty five ay em and it is light out.
	
	( 7/31/10 )
	My sister's stupidity is so profound it has actually inspired my writing this.
	Feeding the dogs has been a surprising source of contention around here for years. The problem as I see it is twofold: it causes death-brawls (fights 'til death), and it causes messes. On top of that, there is no good reason to do it. Sure, the dogs love it -- I'm not against giving them a treat from time to time. What I'm against is idiots, like Becky and Mimi, giving them scraps at the end of every fucking meal right from the table or elsewhere in the kitchen or the vicinity thereof.
	Idiots don't realize they're causing a positive feedback loop which reinforces itself. Then these fucking retards (the people, not the dogs) actually complain when the dogs vigorously beg, awaiting their expected treats. Not realizing they are the reason the dogs beg in the first place.
	When I have to listen to the noise pollution of Mimi's every meal, as she "shoos" the dogs away after each bite she takes, it incites a fiery rage in me to the point where I have to punch something as hard as I can several times just to calm down.
	Today, once again, we observe, yet another, demonstration why feeding the dogs is so stupid. Hans was the victim this time, and the perpetrator, as on might have guessed, is Becky. Who, by the way, will not learn any lesson from this.
	Starting, like most of the fights, with a desperate scream, immediately followed by layered growls and yelps. Quickly, I ran into the kitchen where, luckily, it was broken up shortly. Poor little Hans was cowering in fear, pried from Buddy's jaws. I look up and there is Becky, standing there with her plate of scraps. "Hans came out of nowhere and scared Buddy."
	Oh, I see Becky. You're right, it's Hans' fault that Buddy just tried to kill him because Hans surprised Buddy. It wasn't because you were handing out food after being told not to.
	How stupid can you get? Am I the only one who realizes that if something has happened twenty times before, that it might happen again. Especially if you continue to do whatever immediately preceded that something in all those previous instances. It is called cause and effect. Have you ever heard of that, Becky?
	Fucking retard.

	( 8/6/10 )
	Phoenix was hotter than hell today, and I had to venture among the demons. All the way downtown, to the VA went I. Dr. Bader had bad news for me. Apparently my liver enzymes are very high. She was concerned and said I should be too. Although I tried not to, I started crying like a little bitch pussy. Of course, she enquired about alcohol. After telling her that I have cut back to 3 shots, 2 or 3 per week, she said I really should not be drinking any alcohol. I'd heard it all before, probably a dozen times.
	Alcohol is gross. It's nasty, and it makes one feel bad the day after drinking it. Heroin, if I recall correctly, is not nearly as taxing to hepatic functioning.
	
	Becky reacquired unsupervised visitation today. Pray that this means I can cease daily bike transportion from Max's school and back. One-hundred-and-ten degrees right in the middle of the day; it's a nightmare during the day, plus it's real.
	
	( 8/11/10 )
	How does one estimate how worthless a person's life is? Think about what might happen if the person suddenly vanished. How many others would be affected? How disruptive would this person's disappearance be; would chaos ensue?
	Framing my own life within these criteria I'd have to conclude my own existence is worth darn near absolute zero. Certainly in the single digits kelvin range.

	( 8/14/10 )
	Too scatterbrained fickle flighty
	
	( 8/17/10)
	Dr. Bader called yesterday to let me know my liver situation isn't quite as grim as originally expected.
	After three years of service the vacuum was forced into retirement. No longer could he perform his duties without stuttering. As for the replacement unit no expense was spared and no suction will be lost. That's right, we purchased a Dyson. So far, it has successfully performed up to hype.
	This morning the Dyson and I performed valiantly as we fought the good fight against the dirt, dust, and General Muck. Every step along the sucking way is improved. The sucker itself is lighter, so it's easier to transport in and out of the garage. Once it is plugged in and switched on the first thing I noticed was how it sounded. Estimating, I'd guess the Dyson's is only half as loud as our previous vacuum. Under the coffee table in the TV room there's a carpet that is very reluctant to give up any of the pet hair it's acquired. Honestly it took about ten back and forth strokes with the previous vacuum to remove most of the hairs. Showing off, the Dyson could suck up as many hairs in just three or four strokes.
	
	( 8/25/10 )
	Having already planned on vacuuming today I was a little peeved when Matt showed up with Tammy and laundry in tow. I just overheard Tammy urging Matt to hurry up, so hopefully they'll be gone soon.
	Becky is gone trying to score her car out of lock-up so I had to retrieve Max from school. During the transit back here I informed Max of our visitors. "Matt had to do some laundry," I told him. "Why can't he do it at their house?" Max replied.
	
	This morning an email informed me that my monthly Social Security benefit had been deposited into my special retard account. Currently the balance is a whopping forty-eight thousand dollars.
	What shall this money be spent on? One idea I've pondered is travel. Another is that I should use the money to get a car and move out. I believe that I'd be happier living alone, but there would be a high risk of heroin relapse. The threat of relapse is the strongest force keeping me here at my mother's. Consequently I am, by definition, a loser. A thirty-two year old man who lives with his mother is the dictionary definition of a loser.
	I win at losing. I'm a winner at the game of loss!
	
	( 8/28/10 )
	Dr. Powell remarked that I was able to show my emotions more honestly during todays session. He was right, for some reason I suppose I felt  more comfortable and wasn't trying to hide as much as usual.
	Focusing on my relationship with Becky, we spoke about the difficulty I'm having in forgiving her. He said it is in my best interest to not be so evasive when she is around because when I do she is, in essence, controlling me and I end up self-imposing a limited set of options. I've got so much hurt and anger associated with her that it makes it difficult to even step onto a platform from which any sort of rebuilding of our relationship could beging.
	For my own well-being it would be much easier if I could be friendly with her, though based on my despicable display of emotion this morning I'd guess that road has many bumps still to come.

	( 9/2/10 )
	Letter to Sarah
	Scrubbing with soap and rag is what is what it it takes to make me feel clean. Meaning, soap/shampoo alone doesn't cut it.
	What to do then, when one discovers, mid-shower, the rag was forgotten? It's not enough of a nuisance to stop and get out of the shower to retrieve it, but I'll make a mental note of it in the hope of remembering the scrubby next time.
	After being sufficiently let down by shoddy incidental memory I realized action must be taken, or continual frustration will be met.
	
	( 9/8/10 )
	FedEx showed up at 11:40 with my new ipod touch. Syncing apps right now. Straight away the different display technology is striking. It is actually difficult to make out the pixels. Holding the device up close, the display is six inches from my eyes, lines look like sharp continuous lines. The sharpness reminds me of a laser printer.
	Sarah called last night. She leaves for china today. Except now she is only going for forty days. I give her 64% chance of going the distance.
	
	( 9/19/10 )
	I have stricken towards a person with a similar background. Some dude has a blog where he makes fun of former actors. The kid from Small Wonder seemed to have a similar life story to me. Now, I'm not claiming he is a loser, or that I know what goes on in his head, actually, he seems level headed. But, since I despise myself so much, I figured this makes a nice proxy-attack.
	
	I wrote the comment on this URL:
	http://washedupcelebrities.blogspot.com/2007/05/jerry-supiran.html
	Jerry, You are awesome. 
Lindsey Lohan needs your help. You are her only hope, considering both of you have the same D.O.C (drug of choice).
She wants to know how you finally got clean.
Oh, and to the woman that claimed Jerry was her waiter (she ordered lemonade): You are heartless! To think a famous celebrity could fall so low... What some of you don't seem to understand is that Hollywood would never let one of their own become obscure or irrelevant. For god's sake, what do you think the S.A.G. (screen actors guild) is for.
You see, S.A.G & A.F.T.R.A. set up clandestine apartment complexes in the San Fernando Valley for actors who refuse to, or cannot get, further work in the Industry. After a certain period of inactivity residency is mandated. He/she is given the choice of seven geographic locales (based on availability). The actor makes this promise in writing upon joining the Guild.
Fearing fans may look elsewhere for entertainment if their screen idols turned out to be "regular people," studio execs opted for a quick-fix. Plans to insure Hollywood never lacks luster were implemented shortly after Ronald Reagan was elected governor of California. 
The "homes" I speak of are but one small slice of what industry insiders know of as Hollywood's Magic Pie.

Here is the web page of one such home:

http://www.actorsfund.org/about/MEDIA_GALLERY/Photo_Albums/2009/homewalkthrough


Jerry, America needs your talent back on T.V. Just look at what has happened to our beloved country since you left the airwaves. Please come back!!!

	( 9/21/10 )
	This morning I decided to take a swipe at the sites author, where I questioned his motivations, and threw out a theory.
	Oh, and he still hasn't published my comment about Jerry. Good thing I've got it copied here, in case a repost is in order.
	
First, I'd like to say I love this website. I'm becoming addicted to it, an really having a lot of fun reminiscing.  I mean, Bryce Beckham? That kid should be erased from the collective conscious by now. But no, you keep dragging him back. Fun, fun stuff.
I'm really starting to think this site is run by a (self hating) former child star.
The question, now, is which former child star?
He must have peaked in the 80's, because practically every entry on here focuses on that time, so the author has a throbbing hard-on for all things eighties. I would also guess he had slightly less fame than most on here. Which also highlights one possible motivation -- Jealousy.
Obviously, this former child star has not been chronicled on this site so far. Though after this he might write one as subterfuge.
I'm just going to throw a name out there.
Danny Ponce! This site was started and written by that fucker Danny Ponce. No wonder he hates Brandon Call. I believe Brandon might have replaced Danny on the Hogans.
I might be wrong; why don't you correct me, Mister "I pick on kids whose parents thought their children should be on TV. Then, once those kids were no longer under the control of said parents they decided to quit acting, because it wasn't for them. So now I declare them washed up because I'm an authority on the subject."


	( 9/22/10 )
It's 3:15 p.m. and my sister just arrived here and I'm pissed. Why the fuck is she here? She picked Max up from school at 1:30, then she must have taken him back to her house until three and then came here. 
Now I remember why she is here. She's meeting some CPS case worker over here, which doesn't even make sense because CPS should be much more interested in observing Becky in her own home. Ultimately the goal is for Becky to resume her parenting duties in full, in her own home, so why meet here?
Every school day has turned into this routine that annoys the fuck out of me. After Max is let out of school Becky brings him home until about six at night. Then, for reasons unknown to me, she brings him over here to make dinner for Max and herself, all the while yelling and chaos persisting.
If it was up to me I'd have her pick him up from school then bring him here to go to sleep. Don't come over and cook, and play, and hang out. Do that shit at your own fucking house. Or if she can't, or doesn't want to, keep him until bed-time then just drop him off here and leave. I don't want to see her or hear her; I have no reason to see or hear her. So why am I seeing her and listening to her for hours every day?
Today, at least, there was a reason for her presence. I don't have a problem with Becky being here with good reason.
Leave, you loud, annoying bitch!
Leave!
Split!

By chance, this evening, I happened upon an image of Elsa Lanchester. Thinking she had quite a striking face, I took to Google in an effort to compile a more comprehensive aesthetic appraisal.
After gazing a couple hundred thumbnails I realized that this dead actress looked a lot like Sarah. How funny.

	( 9/30/10 )
As if it wasn't sad enough that my sister talks to tech. support like they are family or good friends. No, to really put the cherry on top she employs the speakerphone. Clearly unaware that this sad spectacle is behavior to kept hidden from view.

	( 10/1/10 )
So much of the time I find myself angry, resentful, and very much annoyed. It is like the teenager stuck in his room who can't wait to be a legal adult and remove himself from the grips of his parents. Certain he can do better by himself, he wants to prove he can make it on his own.
Of course in my case the the proof has pointed at the opposite conclusion. Every attempt to go it alone has met failure.
So here I sit, hating most all I see around me, rendered impotent of action by repeated failures.

	( 10/3/10 )
Dogs are supposed to be a joy. They should be a joy. Once you know a dog I think it's pretty simple to predict how they'll behave. Dogs don't change.
So why do I find myself here again writing about a dog problem. It's because shit like this drives me so fucking nuts that I have to get it out of my head. The fact that they should be so simple makes it that much more infuriating when stupid issues come up. Make no mistake though, this problem is not caused by the dogs; people are to blame, as always.
I don't know why my mom is so dumb. She knows that Buddy has trouble dealing with any new dogs. Yet here she comes in with Becky and a new dog. I was so disgusted I tried my best not to even look at the dog.
What's the big deal? I don't like dealing with p*ss and sh*t.
I don't like breaking up fights between dogs. Especially when they can potentially kill me. 
I don't like having to maintain hyper-vigilance in order to maintain strategic separation to prevent fights.
The worst part of this though is fact that this is all voluntary. In other words, none of this nonsense is necessary. I don't understand why would one create these problems for themselves.
It makes me want to hit someone or something as hard as I can.

	( 10/4/10 )
I must not that for reasons unknown have a heightened sense of yellow. Things that are yellow glow a bright yellow. White things seem to be taking One explanation for this

what name to me that the worst part about it is that she's volunteering for

	( 10/13/10 )
How horribly ineffective I am. Today is the worst. For three days in a row I've had to deal with seeing Becky and her dog first thing in the morning. Yesterday it was upsetting. Today it sent me straight to tears. I still have not recovered.
Max has this week off of school. Matt, Hunter, and Becky have hardly left the house. I can't hear myself think, and I can't deal with it.
Immediately I start thinking how I must get a car this weekend so I can move to an apartment. I mean, I'm seriously pulling my hair out. Money isn't a problem, so I could do it. Then I remember I'm a junkie.
How long could I last on my own, unsupervised, knowing that within walking distance might be what I lust for? I can tell you exactly how long I'd last. As soon as the opportunity presented itself I'd take it.
So here I sit - miserable, and powerless. And crying like a bitch.

Becky has left her dog here again. Yes, somehow I'm watching her fucking dog that I hate. How the fuck am I watching her dog. Why does she have a dog she doesn't want to take care of. Why the fuck does she have a house if she isn't going to use it.
Here's a plan - figure out where you are going to keep your dog before you buy it. What are you going to do with your dog when you are not at home?
These are things you ask yourself BEFORE you get a dog. You don't just leave your dog somewhere when it's inconvenient to have it. You dumb bitch.
Keep your fucking dog at your house. Why buy a dog that you don't want to keep at your house? You fucking bitch.
I just found two big puddles of piss your dog left behind. Thanks.
Don't offer me food dummy. If you want to make me like you don't make me watch your dog. You want to make me happy? Don't make me pick up your kid from school. Just take care of YOUR responsibilities. Don't expect somebody else is going to want to

	( 10/14/10 )
How about Matt adding insult to injury? After four days, hours and hours of washing and folding, and 10 - 15 loads of laundry, he thanks my mother and offers to purchase a bottle of detergent. As if that would make up for all the bullshit. What a fucking insult!
Once again, Becky pulls through with another sure fire way to piss me off. Actually this is one of her classic techniques: She sees that I'm busting my ass cleaning up the house, so now she gets the bright idea that she should take this opportunity to finally clean up after herself. What really gets me about this is the realization that the only hope in her cleaning is if somebody else starts first. Why can't she clean her shit without prodding, the lazy bitch.
At least I feel better today than yesterday.

	( 10/21/10 )
As the reader can attest, my sister has been the main focus of criticism and much frustration. Yet if I'm to be honest she has made strides recently. As my mother has been reminding me (multiple times daily it seems), "she is trying very hard." Of course that statement begs the question: Trying hard at what? I mean does it require so much effort and strain to just not annoy those around you? But I don't want to be negative this evening (in an effort to resist drinking I probably won't sleep this evening, so it would be best to remain as merry as possible) about Becky.
What spurred my writing this was in fact a positive quality of my sisters (don't make me regret this, Becky). She observed that during the day I put ice in my pockets and under my hat. At night I put on a beanie to maintain warmth.
This is a sign of progress.

	( 10/29/10 )
CORE VALUES
Simplicity
Quiet
Cleanliness

Always aim for more of these values, while trying to avoid anything that may detract from them.

	( 11/17/10 )
Imagine getting punched in the gut. While you are writhing in pain a friendly person enters the room and introduces himself, but your just not in the mood to extend friendship in return. Not aware of your recent misfortune, the stranger mischaracterizes you as cold and standoffish.
Lately I feel as though people are probably appraising myself in similar fashion. When I come across as mean or uncaring, the reality is I'm just in pain.

	( 11/27/10 )
With Hal and mom both in Costa Rica I was looking forward to the first quiet Thanksgiving in several (at least five or six) years. That simple little hope was being crushed from the outside though, before their Costa Rican bound plane had even departed.
Last Thanksgiving mom served dinner to over thirty family members. Where would these displaced diners gather this year? Someone had to step up to save Thanksgiving for the greater family clan.
Before leaving mom asked me if I would give a ride to Max and Becky (mom doesn't want Max driving in her car because she is still driving around without a license) to Didi's for Thanksgiving, but I told her I would not be celebrating this year. Then Didi called to personally compel me to come. I resisted, but gave in when she said she would literally drag me there.
Why does Didi care if I'm there or not? She must feel morally obligated to try her best to help me fit in. I suppose being there for those few hours helps in feeling less isolated, but the whole times I was intensely uncomfortable. At the end of the day I'm left, once again, with the realization that when I'm in situations where social interactions are the norm my brain freezes up and  reestablishes the notion

Matt called last night about 12:30 a.m. to inform me Tammy and he were incarcerated. He said "if you get us out then I promise I will pay you back all the money we owe you when our tax return comes back." The worst part of the call was when Tammy got on the phone crying, begging, and promising as well; I nearly hung up after that. To hear someone promise so earnestly, yet so meaningless, is true desperation, and it sickened me to the core.

That fucking piece of shit, Becky, just showed me that she brought one of Hanna's puppies over here. Fucking retarded idiot. As if I want to know what they look like. Considering her track record there is a very good chance that dog will be dead within a year.
Now she is introducing the puppy to Buddy. What dog has Buddy not attacked? There is none; Buddy has attacked every dog he has met. Becky has once again proven she is retarded.

	( 11/30/10 )
If Becky wants to invite Matt's kids over for the day that is great. She's got her own house to do that. What makes her think it is OK to bring those kids over here and cause destruction?
For some reason Becky believes she's free to whatever she wants over here, and somebody needs to show her some proper boundaries. Apparently she is too dumb to realize one doesn't just bring four kids to someone else's house.
What reason did she bring them here? What was her motivation in doing so? The only reasons I can come up with are:
1. She didn't want the kids to make a mess at her house.
2. She didn't have food to feed them at her house, or didn't want to make a mess making food at her house.
The only good reason for all those kids to be here is if my mother wanted to see them. The only problem with that is my mom isn't here, and she won't be here anytime soon.
Babysit kids at your own house. Wear, tear, and destruction 

	( 12/30/10 )
While sitting on the toilet I suddenly realized it was overflowing. What a nightmare. Simultaneously clogged but still filling because of a retarded product my mom bought. This HydroRight device that she purchased is supposed to save water, but since it never works it just keeps filling up wasting a ton of water in the process. It pisses me off so much I want to punch a wall or something.
After this bullshit Hal ran out to replace the HydroRight with what my mom should have bought in the first place.

I gave Matt a hundred bucks for christmas. For mom I pitched in with Hal to get her a 3d camera. For Becky I got a coupon book.

	( 1/14/11 )
After deciding against McGrath's seafood restaurant, we met Matt at the Macaroni Grill for his birthday. I drove down with Mom and Becky got a ride from Andrew, a CPS employee, after finishing a reunification meeting at her house.
Matt came with Tammy and Kaylee. Mom and I split the one hundred sixty dollar bill (Becky paid for her own) and Tammy ordered the most expensive item on the menu: beef tenderloin. I got chicken parmesan and was pleased. It sure beat the microwave shit I'm so used to, I mean, wow, it doesn't even compare. In fact I only ate about half of my entrée, so I'm looking forward to my leftovers.
I had an O.K. time, but even with this group of people that I should feel comfortable around there was a significant portion of the meal I felt unnerved and self-conscious.
When everyone finished eating Matt took as many leftovers home as he could, including the bread off the table. He literally scraped all the plates. He ate a lot too! I noticed because after a couple tiny pieces of calamari and a small caesar salad I was full by the time my entrée was half eaten. But Matt ate all the same stuff I ate, plus a lot more from the shared appetizer plate, then totally finished his big lamb entrée. One would think he'd be stuffed by then, but he moved on to Tammy's plate then Becky's scraps too. He's a mad man I tell you. This is a personal trait he's developed that I hadn't really noticed until now, that's all.

	( 1/16/11 )
Over the course of the last 3-4 years my dad has reduced the frequency of his phone calls to me from five or six calls a day down to one call every two or three days.
Before I would pick up the phone regardless of how I felt. This would usually result in me being rude and trying to end the call as fast as possible. Then he'd shortly call back because he remembered something he forgot to ask or mention.
Eventually I stopped answering every phone call I received. I felt bad after being rude to him or hanging up. Knowing, now, how I can act when I'm in such an irritable state I would like to avoid it if possible. Now I'll only pick up the phone if I'm in the mood to talk. Since I'm rarely in the mood to talk, my father realized he was wasting his time dialing repeatedly with no answer. So he just started calling less and less.
Now his call frequency coincides more closely with the probability of my positive mood.

	( 1/18/11 )
The Kings Speech was really great. I saw it with my mom on Monday at the Harkins Gateway Pavilion.
After the movie we went to Nakama, where my brother is a sushi chef. Sitting down at the sushi bar it occurred to me that it had been so long since I sat at one that I couldn't even remember the last time. I go to sushi restaurants, I just don't sit at the bar. I find it uncomfortable; the customer and chef each demanding from one another, too close for comfort. But because the chef was my brother, and being with my mom, I felt empowered and not fearful. It also helped that the the place was dead and we were the only ones at the sushi bar.
Even in that environment where I should have been comfortable I was full of anxiety. If I can't feel at ease with these people will I ever be able to relax around others?

	( 1/29/11 )
I transfered $1060 to my mom's bank account to cover my rent through April. Meaning I won't have to pay again until May 1st. Currently I have $51,911 remaining.

	( 2/15/11 )
Matt surprised me when he paid me back all eleven-hundred dollars that he owed me. After getting his tax refund he squared away with all those that had loaned him money.
Last night I ordered a little embedded systems kit. I'd become increasingly interested in chips the last few months. Hopefully it can re-interest me in programming again. Lately I just haven't been able to focus on anything that demands brain power. Intellectually I maintain an interest in programming, but not at the level of actually doing something.
Actually I think it is rooted in the brain's reward system. Meaning that I believe mine is somehow malfunctioning. That mechanism subconsciously pulling people back to their interests again and again. Whatever it is that drives people to continue doing what they are doing is seemingly not present in myself.
And, yeah, it sucks big time, you dick-head!
There is a great article in the New Yorker magazine about Scientology by Lawrence Wright. It is really right up my alley. I mean I dig all things Scientology, but especially when it's coming from such a reputable publication. Wright was on NPR explaining the crazy efforts they took in fact-checking the piece. When dealing with such a litigious org (get it?) you can't be too careful.
Considering my interest in such writing one might guess that I'd finish reading it lickety split, but that is not the case. It is difficult to conceive of something that might be of more interest to me, but even here I struggle to maintain focus and lose interest quickly. Currently, I'm sixteen pages into the twenty-six page article, and it's taken me five days to get to this point. I will finish it though, regardless of how long it takes.

	( 2/19/11 )
	I'm pasting this info in case I need to uninstall the NerdKits .Kext

Welcome to the OS X PL2303 USB to Serial driver Installation Program.

Important Uninstall information:
Removing the driver can be done by executing the following steps:
-open a terminal
-type: kextunload /System/Library/Extensions/osx-pl2303.kext/
-The command prompt ask for you administrator password
-type: sudo rm -r /System/Library/Extensions/osx-pl2303.kext/
-The command prompt ask for you administrator password
-type: sudo rm -r /Library/Receipts/osx-pl2303.pkg/

The driver should be uninstalled.

	( 3/10/11 )
Two days ago mom got a call from Becky around noon. She found herself in jail again. Both her and Max were arrested for outstanding warrants. Becky claims all the original charges are from over a year-and-a-half ago. The violations included: failure to appear, driving with a suspended license, and marijuana possession. After her previous arrest, it seems that Becky just continued life as if nothing happened. Failing to make any of the required court dates or pay the mandatory fines, and the whole time driving around illegally, just hoping to never be pulled over.
In the end she had four different courts demanding a total of $5700 in order to make bail. Of course she didn't have the money, so mom and I spent yesterday running around to different banks trying to acquire the funds, then we spent hours in line at the fourth avenue jail.
Today she paid me back $200. Now she still owes me $1290.
After that nightmare mission, back at home I noticed Hans wasn't acting himself. He seemed unwilling to move, and this is a dog with fire-cracker infused DNA. Then I heard him crying when he tried to sit or stand. I went to bed hoping he'd be better in the morning, but when we got up Hans seemed just as ill.
It is midnight now and he finally seems to be getting better. I'd say he's about %65 or %70 well right now. It was really breaking my heart to see him in pain. I mean, I was just crying and couldn't think of anything else. Hans is so loyal.

	( 3/28/11 )
First, I'm happy to report Hans is back to his old self. Actually he was only sick for about two-and-a-half days. I still am not sure if he was sick or had some sort of injury. Regardless though, he's better and I'm no longer worried about him.
All the way from Shenzhen, China, my iPad2 has arrived. As soon as I turned it on the speed increase is very apparent. Everything is much snappier. When web page loads go from five or six seconds, down to two or three, the rise in fun is surprisingly high. It's as if I never noticed how slow the original iPad was until witnessing the difference there in my hands.
My mom bought the original iPad for Hal as an anniversary gift. I charged her two-hundred dollars. I'm not sure of the actual value -- wait I'll check right now. It looks like the range goes from 350 on the low end, up to 550. So two-hundred is a deal. When I told my dad that I was selling it, he encouraged me to give it away for free. I'm not against giving it away, actually, but if I was going to give it to someone it probably wouldn't be Hal. I'd probably give it to Matt, because he seems to always be struggling, and I feel sorry for him. The guy's got three kids, and he seems to work eighty hour weeks.

	( 3/29/11 )
Yesterday I forgot to mention that I switched anti-depressants, from Venlafaxine to Elavil (amitriptyline). This new drug is classified as a tricyclic, which is a category that I haven't tried before. Actually I've been on it for about twelve days, the literature states: "It may take a few weeks or longer before you feel the full benefit of amitriptyline."
As of now, it would be too soon to assess the effects of the drug.

	( 4/5/11 )
For a couple of days, now, I've been obsessively listening to the Beach 
Boys (Brian Wilson, to be more specific), and delving into minutia about the group.
Surprisingly I haven't yet mentioned here that I got a car. I've had it for a couple of weeks now. This week Hal is borrowing it though, because he is having a new engine inserted into his truck.
My father, having recently lost vision in one eye, was uncomfortable driving, so he offered to give the car to Hal. After Hal passed on the offer, I was next in line, I suppose. The car is a 1998 Honda CRV, and it is in great shape for being 13 years old.
Before I took possession of it, I had some funny ideas about how this car might change my life. I had this fantasy where I would be out on the town, getting crack and heroin. In reality though it has had virtually no impact whatsoever. The only change is that I now drive to get my cigarrettes instead of riding the bike.

	( 4/9/11 )
It has been twenty days since I started taking amitriptyline. Side-effects include dry-mouth and drowsiness. Honestly I can't really say if it has helped with depression, but I think it has helped, slightly, with anxiety. When I was at the VA yesterday I didn't feel as anxious as some of my previous appointments.
What has really pissed me off is the gradual acceptance of the word formerly know as nuclear: of or about the nucleus of an atom. Back in the eighties or nineties if one mis-pronounced it as NUKE-YOU-LER, people made fun of the fag. George W. Bush always fucked it up, and I got some pleasure watching him look like an idiot.
Recently I've learned that the mispronouncement by important officials, like dumb heads-of-state, has actually made the mangling into an acceptable pronouncement. That is dumb, if you asked me.

	( 4/23/11 )
It makes me a little upset after a dog has eaten his treat, then hurriedly scans and smells the ground hoping to find some missed crumbs.
Why does that make me upset? Because it mirrors my behavior after smoking crack. After smoking crack the natural thing to do, it seems, is crawling around on-all-fours test smoking any thing that might pass for crack on first glance. But the most fucked up thing is seeing somebody you love desperately scouring the floor.

	( 4/28/11 )
My mom called in a panic this morning. She is driving downtown and didn't want Becky showing up late to court. So I had to go and retrieve Becky's dog, Hanna. She escaped through the front door as they were leaving.
Now I've got to pick up Max from school at 2:40.
With Becky facing sentencing the possible outcomes range from supervised probation, to two years jail. The only outcome that worries me, is her moving in here, temporarily or otherwise.
I must say though, that all of these speculations are based on Becky's word only. I know nothing officially. All of this may be happening or not. In fact all I know for sure is she was picked up for multiple warrants, and I only know that because I bailed her out and have the paper work to prove it. Historically, Becky has proven herself full of lies and half-truths. She modifies the truth to make herself look better, or for increased sympathy.

Have I mentioned the fictional tale Becky has woven for her only child, Max? If one asked Max where and what Becky is currently, and for her uncertain future. According to Max, she's filling out paperwork for her recall to the army. I asked Max where she is going, he replied "Afghanistan." That begs the obvious question of what is worse, your mother sentenced to jail, or fighting a deadly war thousands of miles away? Becky has determined the war option sounds better. As a bonus she becomes a patriotic war hero. Personally, I'd rather have my mother in jail, for the sole reason it seems more survivable.
Max just got off the phone with her, but I couldn't get much out him. Though he did say nothing has changed. I pray he's right, because if nothing has changed that means she is still shipping out to the middle-east.
Please, anything but her moving here. Please, god, if your out there prove it!

	( 4/30/11 )
God has failed me; as it seems the one situation I swore off is the situation presented as the current reality.
I've tried to keep myself in the dark, so the details are still foggy. A few things, though, are certain. For the past month my mother was convinced Becky would be in jail. She is not in jail, and she probably won't go to jail. I proof read a letter my mom wrote for the judge. The letter basically stated that Becky was self medicating because she had intense anxiety caused by bi-polar disorder and the possibility of contracting AIDs.
I guess she is going back to court in a month.

	( 5/6/11 )
Five hours of sleep will have to do today. Last night I set the alarm to wake me up at seven a.m. I fell asleep around two, thanks to a rather tall brandy and root beer. Two big bowls of Cocoa Puffs, a quick shower, and a double-time job brushing my teeth, then I hit the road.
Nine o'clock was Dr. Munshi, and then a ten am appointment with Dr. Powell. About an hour of waiting for my buprenorphine refill, and I got back on the freeway, heading home.
Today I got back here before noon; that's before my mom even leaves for work. Previously on a day like today I wouldn't get back here until ~ six PM. Most of that time was spent on the bus, or, after the bus, I might have to wait an hour or so waiting for Hal to pick me up from the book store. I was thankful to Hal because whenever I asked him for a ride he'd come get me. Later though, if Hal asked me for some favor I felt forced to do it. Now I won't have to feel as bad if asks me to do some shit. It hasn't happened yet, though. Meaning I haven't said no to him yet.
One time I said no. After I got my SS back pay, I told Hal that I wasn't going to continue helping him with gopher work (not the web site, but the actual labor of fixing gopher holes). So he asked if I could help him one last time. I said "I guess, if you can't get your son to help you." So one day he knocks on my door, and tells me this was the last time, but he needed some help. I refused, saying "no more gophers for me." That made him pretty mad and upset, and I felt real guilty. 
I asked him why his son wasn't helping that weekend (usually Hal does gopher jobs on Saturday, when he wasn't doing his real job). When he replied "I have to pay him a lot more then you," my guilt subsided quite a bit. Without realizing, he just inadvertently admitted that he was taking advantage of me.
That was about a year ago. He didn't stay mad for too long, maybe a few days.

	( 5/11/11 )
Death has struck my peripheral social network. Mom got home around 12:30 am. "Did you hear what happened?"
"No," I said, puzzled.
"Peggy died."
Peggy is Tammy's mother. Matt's wife's mother.

	( 5/14/11 )
A perfect storm has brewed it's way overhead. Hal and my mom have gone to Salt Lake City for the whole week. Becky is almost moved out of her house and moving here. As you can see this is a nightmare come true for me.
My mom made a sort of deal with Becky; in order to catch up with her fines Becky can live here. That way she won't have rent due each month, so she can devote most of her income to the courts, thus pay off faster.
One ray of hope has presented itself. Becky was supposed to sell her piece of shit van. After she got out jail this last time Becky promised to sell it, or get rid of it somehow. But it has been two months and she still is driving that crap van everyday. My mom said if she doesn't ditch the van she'll have to find another place to live, and Becky said "fine." That's my glimmer.

	( 5/21/11 )
What I'm about to record here in this journal happened four or five days ago. It's upsetting to me so it is difficult to think, or write about. For that reason it should be recorded, because I don't want to forget how dumb people can be.
Using a week of their vacation days, Hal and my mother drove to Utah to visit his parents. Usually I enjoy this annual occurrence because I like being by myself. This year it's different though, Max and Becky are here with me. My nightmare comes true.
To make a long story short: Becky is possibly going to jail soon, so she moved out of her house and is staying here so she won't be wasting money on rent, and she'll be able to pay her fines off much sooner.
Knowing it would be difficult to deal with Becky all by my self (it's much easier to deal with her when there are other witnesses of her bizarre behavior), I readied myself for the worst. At first she was trying to show me that she has changed. She made Max clean up after himself, and made sure to clean her own dishes. Then, on the third day she proved she was still thinking illogically and selfish.
About eleven p.m. I returned from a five mile run. Opening the front door to the house I was struck dumbfounded.
(The reader of this should know the problems with the pit-bull who lives here, named Buddy. This dog is dangerous enough normally, but when he gets nervous, perhaps from sharing space with an unknown dog, he becomes near lethal.)
Immediately after I realized what I saw before me, Becky starts with her excuse, "Matt and Tammy said she wouldn't stop bothering their cats."
I responded, "That doesn't explain why it's HERE."
"There is nowhere else for her to go."
So I presented with the reason, even though she already knew, why no unfamiliar dogs should be in Buddy's presence, "Why would you do ANYTHING that could increase the chances of Buddy attacking, possibly killing, another dog?"
Predictably she began crying her way through her lame excuse, "I got this dog to help me get through the loss of my daughter. What should I do?"
"Any thing except bring it here."
I was really pissed off, and I knew she wouldn't have tried this shit if Hal and my mom weren't gone. Feeling slightly guilty by her tears, I tried shifting my anger to our mother, "I told mom she was being stupid when she encouraged you to get that dog in the first place. Becky is really depressed, I know lets put more responsibility on her back."
Still crying, Becky cut me off, "Can you just stop talking about it? I have."
I walked back into my room, hoping I made any impact.
The next day Buddy viciously attacked Hans. During the lock-jaw, attempted, fratricide, Hans looked right into my eyes as he screamed and cried bloody-murder. Even with all our efforts Buddy refused to let go.
Guess what? Suddenly Becky found a suitable place for her dog.

	( 5/30/11 )
Mom told me she was going to meet (my aunt) Pam halfway to bring Mimi back to Phoenix. She asked if I wanted to go. Because it was only overnight, plus to get away from Becky, I said yes.
We all slept in the same hotel room at Agua Caliente casino in Rancho Mirage (near Palm Springs). Driving out there were Gloria, my mother and I. The ride took about three-and-a-half hours. Pam drove from Thousand Oaks, just her and Mimi.
We saw the Hangover Part II on the second day, befor driving back home.
The casino experience was less fun than I estimated it might be. I played mostly video poker, and spent a couple hours on the blackjack table. I wanted to play poker on a table, but I was too scared. In all, I lost about four-hundred dollars. I didn't care though.

	( 6/1/11 )
When Sarah told me she was planning a trip to retrieve our belongings I offered to send some money. Clearly guilty, I overnighted her a $900 money order.
I haven't heard from her for five weeks. She got really upset when she opened our storage space in Seattle. Her anger had been repressed all this time, but seeing all of our stuff in that storage area brought those feelings back to light. During the phone call she also made it known that the $900 hardly covers the pain I put her through.
Dr. Powell thought I should call her, but I'm paralyzed. I think she might have left me a message on voicemail. Hopefully I'll build up enough courage to check on Friday. It was four weeks ago this Friday the last time I listened to the messages. I miss her, but maybe this is better for her. If she stops caring for me she may be more apt to look for someone else who can make her happier. I'd like to hold on to her, but the truth is I just don't have what it takes to be in a mutually beneficial relationship. I've got nothing positive to offer.

Hal asked me to update the Gopher Guys website because he has too many customers. Now there is a statement on the index.html stating, "No new customers at this time."
Having lost nearly all my HTML knowledge, I had to do a couple hours of relearning just to make those simple changes.
UPDATE-6/16/11: 
Hal asked me to revert the changes to his Gopher-Guys web site. I made the changes because Hal was swamped with so many clients that he couldn't keep up with the workload. How that circumstance changed from one week to the next surprised me. Regardless, I changed to site back to how it was.

Becky had another court date this morning. It looks as though she'll evade all repercussions.

	( 6/3/11 )
Right now I'm feeling pretty good. Elavil is still making me stutter. Excluding Nardil, the one MAOI I tried, this medication is one of the more effective I've tried. The evidence is the fact that the last two nights in a row I have not resorted to alcohol to go to sleep. It's not without side-effects though. For one, my pace has gone from about 7:40 per mile to 9:30. Actually, last night was the quickest I've run since being on Amitriptyline, and I did 5 miles at a 9:14 pace; so I've regained some of that lost time.
(Elavil is capitalized because it is a brand name, right? But when it comes to the chemical name, amitriptyline, I'm not sure. I mean we don't capitalize the words "copper," or "helium." So I believe amitriptyline does not need capitalization.
Dr. Powell is still suggesting I call Sarah. Isn't the situation only extending our misery. I'm hearing whispers that say, "Move on, move on."
Actually he says that it's not about our husband and wife relationship, but about me being real with someone, being honest about my own feelings and thoughts
Hans is the best dog of all time.
Telling Dr. Powell of the latest dog incident was difficult. Thinking about it is painful. Between the anger towards Becky, and the image of Hans looking right at me, screaming in pain, I just crumble. That image of Hans, when we locked eyes, seems burned into my brain.

I showed Max the trailer for the upcoming Planet Apes film. Acting amazed with the monkey actors I asked him what he thought about them, "The monkeys are good actors."
Studying his reaction, it was quite obvious the thought of CG never raised suspicion. Isn't ignorance bliss?

Why is Ben(jamin Gregory) Hertzberg such a loser?
Let us enumerate the ways:

	( 6/12/11 )
I was preparing a bowl of cereal this morning when my mother got a call from Becky. She was out garage-sale hopping, one of her favorite activities. Becky was calling my mom to inform her of a great find – an outdoor set of four chairs and a table. Did my mother want Becky to buy them for her? After inspecting some images Becky emailed back here, my mother approved the purchase. The set cost fifty dollars; Becky would pay for the set then my mom would reimburse her later today.
Because the stuff was too big to fit in Becky's mini-van, Hal would have to pick it up in his truck. That angered me: the fact that my mom volunteered Hal for something he isn't aware of, and may not even care for at all. I shouldn't get too upset because at least I'm not involved with any of this nonsense. (I think they know by now how I'll react) Now, if Hal goes through with it, that's on him. Plus he should know that he's sending the message that he'll be willing to do it again in the future.
"Sending a Message," gets to the core of what bothers me about this situation. Everyone here knows that Becky has disturbing qualities when it comes to shopping, or just acquiring things in general. We've all seen how her house if full of junk. How she fills up her whole garage with objects she is, apparently, compelled to buy. Her van is so stuffed there is no room for a passenger.
Yet, knowing all of this, my mother is encouraging her to continue. She may not say to Becky, "If you buy things you'll feel better." She doesn't send Becky to stores to buy food.
But when Becky calls to tell you about something she can get for you, and you take her up on it, then you are encouraging her. It may not be explicitly approval, but make no mistake: it is implied. You may as well be saying, "Good Job, keep it up!"
If my mother is willing to feed the monster, that gives an even stronger reason to avoid Becky.
How can I be the only one that sees what is going on here?

Having lived with my sister for about a year, I know she goes shopping every day. Admittedly it has been a few years since then. All one must do too see the manifestations of her shopping addiction is look in her house and garage.

	( 6/14/11 )
This morning my mother surprised me when I wandered into the kitchen right after waking up. "It was just vomit, she threw up in there twice yesterday." That was the same thing Mimi told me yesterday.
Now I'm sorry, but that lie just don't fly.
Did Mimi lie to my mother also? Or maybe Mimi was honest with my mother, but  now they have coordinated their lies to seem more believable. Of course, there is a third option: perhaps Mimi really did shit on the floor, but she thinks it was throw-up.
Three dogs live here. Using some rough estimation I'd say one of them throws up twice per month. One of them shits inside about every three months. My point is that the scent of vomit and the scent of shit, regardless of the producing species, is very, very, different. So different in fact that when the first odor wafted from the bathroom invading the rest of the house, even Max knew the difference. He asked, "why does in smell like poop in here?" At that point I tried to convince myself that we were just smelling a dog fart. Even though my thoughts were telling me I was wrong.
I took Max down the hill to get a smoothie from Robek's. I hoped that by the time we got back the scent would be history.
We got back home, and at first I thought my wish became true. Entering through the front door, the odor was gone. Then, about a half-hour later, I had to pee. As I closed the bathroom door behind me terror struck. It was apparent that a clean-up effort was attempted. As I sat down on the toilet the light reflected off the floor in such an angle as to give me a terrible perspective. Fesces uniformly blanketed the floor about a depth of one millimeter.
That was my cue to pull up my pants and bounce. This was a job for the big guns. Air support was a necessity.

	( 6/15/11 )
For about a month I have been abusing ice cream. For the last week I've have been attempting to quit. In those last seven days I was only successful on two of them.
I know it seems easy enough; just stop buying ice cream. It should be that easy I've found it harder than it seems. Whenever I come upon that fateful decision, I make a deal with myself, thinking, "well this is the final day. Tommorrow, no way."
At times I've conjured up some outrageous reasons for eating the shit. One of the best was this: "I must eat ice cream today to convince myself that I really am addicted."
The purpose of writing this is to shame myself into stopping. Imagine looking back at this and being fat. Knowing that, even with that foresight, I didn't take preventive measures.

	( 6/17/11 )
Two eighteen-hundred dollar checks came in the mail today. Both of them stamped: Clerk of Superior Court - Michael Jeanes - Maricopa County. I'm sure they're connected to Becky's cases, but I'm unsure of who the money should go to. Probably Becky, because after she got out of jail she paid my mother and I back the money we put up for her bail. In other words if we had paid her bail and were not reimbursed by Becky then these checks would be repayment of bail by the courts. Does that make sense?

	( 6/18/11 )
Is it better to have gone somewhere and then regretted going, wishing you would have stayed at home?
Or is it better to stay at home, and then wished that you would have gone somewhere?
Each of us has only a singular window to life and our universe. Sometimes it's difficult to imagine there are countless others.

	( 6/20/11 )
Reading over the last few entries I was surprised that I had not mentioned a couple changes.
Actually these changes are intertwined. Linked in such a way that I'll call them a self reinforcing feedback-loop. Caused by the medication amitryptaline. The pills allow me to sleep easier, and in turn I don't resort to drinking in order to fall to sleep.
Now the reason I mentioned my lack of alcohol intake.
Early, early this morning, 4:30 a.m., I awoke with no knowledge of how I got there. This happens all the time though, and usually it doesn't surprise me. In fact, it happens by design. Most nights I drink alcohol to make it happen. But last night I had not consumed alcohol. So I don't know how or why I passed out. Notably, this has never happened to me before.
That shit is weird!
It's nearly nine pee-em and no ice cream yet. Life sucks.

	( 6/23/11 )
My mom's brother, Brick (what a name, I know), is traveling here to visit with Mimi. He's arrives Friday, and stays 'til Monday; at least that's my understanding.
The dude makes me uncomfortable. He's known for assessing ones career, and financial position, because he's doing great, driving truck. It's also known that he went through his deceased wife's life insurance in quick time. The last couple thousand went to "buying" his current wife and transporting here from Colombia.
This morning he let my mother know he'd be arriving twenty-four hours earlier than planned. When I got up she was running around, and attempting to do ten things at once, preparing for Brick's arrival.
As is, this place is beyond capacity. Currently six people live here in three bedrooms. When Brick arrives it'll be eight. I begged my mother to inform her brother of the crowded conditions, but for some reason she refuses to.
Thank god I have a back-up plan; I'm forking out five-hundred bucks to maintain a hotel room for four days. At least that gives me an option to bail at any moment of my choosing. A couple short years ago I didn't have the cash, not to mention the transportation, to afford such an option.

Sarah called last night, about eleven pee-em. I'll admit it was nice to hear her voice, though it didn't take long before I detected the call may have been fueled by alcohol. She dissed me pretty bad, then I had to hang-up, I didn't want her to hear me cry, I couldn't stop.
She called back three times, but I was still crying. I sent her this email after the call:

	Sorry I hung up on you earlier. After you so deftly dissed me I got upset.
	To paraphrase, you said something along the lines of:
	"You should look up what a man is. You should look up human being to see how they act."
	I wanted to pick up when you tried calling back those few times, but I couldn't stop crying.
	Anyway, if your anything like me you'll probably regret making the call (No call would have been made if sober).
	So I promise to pretend it never happened
	Ben

(I should add that she hasn't been using or checking her email. When asked why she said, "I quit the China photo-tours business, so I won't have to see any messages from them.")

	( 6/25/11 )
Brickard and wife, Judy, arrived yesterday in the afternoon. I feel a lot better knowing that I have the option of jetting to the hotel if I get uncomfortable. Now that I have the option of escaping at will it's easier to stay at home. Actually it doesn't feel as crowded as I estimated; Becky and Max are apparently staying with Matt and Tami during this time of difficulty. That one difference itself turns the volume down, and serenity up immeasurably.
When I stayed in my room Brick didn't bother me, or even knock on my door.
That reminds me of something: The last time she came over, Deedee knocked on the door of my room. When I told her to come in she couldn't because I had locked the door. I got up from my chair to unlock the door from the inside. She seemed surprised and said, "Why is your door locked, you fool?"
I told her "I didn't realize it was locked." 
It struck me as odd that she questioned about the locking. Does she never lock doors at her house? Why did she question me about that?
The conclusion I reached was that it must be against the rules at her house to lock yourself in a room. Weird...
I'm thinking of going to see the new Woody Allen film, "Midnight in Paris." Starts at 2:50. It is 1:36 right now. I'd have to drive about forty minutes because it's only playing at four theatres in all of Phoenix.

Over the course of the last four or five months Hal has been asking for help selling knives on the internet. All I really do is upload images to ImageShack and format them with image tags for posting onto knife message-board.
MIT has a intro. programming course which uses Python. Hopefully after a couple more  lectures I'll be able to code a script that will automate the busy work of adding image tags to URLs.




When I'm out running, cars drive by me after midnight, and they're pointing a gun at me through the glass. Sometimes they videotape me.
Oh, you think it's funny! Well, I've got an idea; why don't you videotape me now, and then I can watch it later and have a good laugh.

	( 6/27/11 )
"Midnight in Paris" was good. Best Woody Allen film since "Match Point" six years ago (Six years?  I would have guessed three.)
Admittedly, my movie assessments are spotty, at best. I have been walking out of screenings a lot lately, but that depends on mood more than the films themselves.
Why am I so damn petty? One must put emotions in context. For instance: when my grandmother starts letting the dogs in and out of the house many times in rapid succession I get angry and curse her. From an objective perspective

Brick is STILL here, and I just can't get comfortable. I've had to take a shit for an hour, I mean I gotta go, but anxiety is stopping me. Isn't it difficult to shit when one is not at ease? Well, it is for me. A few minutes ago I think I overheard that Brick and his wife are going to see "Bad Teacher." Please God, let them leave soon. Even better if they take Mimi with them.

For about two years I've been looking out for a new digital camera. What I'd like to get is mid to entry-level DSLR. Manual settings and RAW capture are musts. Interchangeable lenses would be a plus, but I'd settle for an effective and fast zoom lens.
My Fuji F60fd takes nice pictures in sunlight, but the quality falls off quickly without it. The noise goes way up as one ventures above ISO 400. I'va had it for a while now. Not long after escaping from the Navy I bought it off Amazon, so I'm due up. I'd like Nikon's D7000, released last September, and I've read mostly glowing reviews. Justifying a fifteen-hundred dollar purchase is tough -- then again, I just spent five-hundred on a hotel room I used for an hour.

	( 6/29/11 )
Since Becky got her favorable decision from the court, she doesn't have any place to stay. She, stupidly, assumed she would do at least six months in jail. Why does one make, and execute, on decisions based on assumptions?
She also convinced everyone else (except me, the whole time I kept questioning how she is so certain about the future) of what the court's decision would be. So she let the house she was renting go back on the market.
Now she's suddenly furious because she has nowhere to stay but here, and she doesn't like following rules.
This morning she started fighting with my mother. Becky says the reason she's stuck here now is because she followed my mother's advice. Of course, at the time she was seeking advice decisions were made under the false assumption that she would be going to jail.
All day yesterday and most of this morning Becky was sleeping. She must have slept twenty hours. When questioned, she yells and screams. It makes things real quiet and peaceful.
Now Becky is all happy again. Just a few hours after she was screaming, now she has the bright idea of taking Buddy when she finds her next rental. Which is a great idea, except that when Becky is manic, she thinks every idea that occurs to her she thinks is awesome.
Might I remind the reader of when she called me late one night so enthusiastic of her decision to take up running. Going on and on about how she can't weight to start. She wants to do a 5k race really soon. Asking about what brand of shoes to get, and how far she should run the next day.
Guess what? After talking up a running storm for over an hour on the phone she never ran a minute. Becky was just getting high off of empty words. What I would like to know is why any of her bullshit still works on anyone else. This pattern is so easy to see right through, yet I seem to be the only one with eyes.

	( 6/30/11 )
Despite loving her a lot, I must admit that I'm looking forward to Mimi's departure back to California. Becky just reminded me that Mimi's leaving tomorrow. Coincidentally, tomorrow is also her birthday: July first. Born in 1927, she turns eighty-four.
Kito has been excitedly greeting Mimi when returning home after an outing by jumping up while standing on his back legs. His long paw claws is scratching her and causing pain and even leaving injury. So I got her a Super Soaker water gun. It's is special though; Since it is electrically powered by battery you don't have to manually pump it, you just pull the trigger.
Will she use it? I don't know, but it as good an idea as I could come up with.

My Garmin GPS running watch stopped working last night after a five mile run. The battery life had definitely been waning. The charge used to last two/three weeks when I first received it as a birthday gift from Hal and my mother (I believe in 2006). Recently though it would die after just a few runs.
I've looked up trouble-shooting tips on the web and nothing's worked. Soft-reset, hard-resets, plugging it in to the wall, plugging in to the computer's USB port, and it's still out cold. Without the GPS watch I'd have to go back to basic math to get performance numbers: pace, mph, altitudes. Besides being tedious, manually calculating those stats is a lot less accurate and prone to errors. I know, because before I got the GPS I actually did the math, and it is a pain. But to find out if your improving you have to do the work.
Just in the last month I would not have a clue about the performance hit that Elavil caused. My average time per mile went from ~7:40 up to ~9:40. Without the watch that detail would have probably gone unnoticed

	( 7/2/11 )
Becky is having difficulty finding another house to live in. Once again she lashed out against mom. The one persone who actually gives a shit about her. I really can't be any clearer: Becky is a huge piece of shit.
She's got her piece of shit car outside and Hal is seriously pissed. Of course Becky walks around pretending to be totally oblivious why anyone could possibly be angry at her.
You know, it's funny: yesterday I gave her and Max a ride to the movies and picked them back up on my home from the V.A. She seemed to be pleasant, at least not a total asshole. In other words, she has proved that she knows how to not be a waste of flesh.
I'm close to sending my mother this e-mail:

BEGIN ATTACHED E-MAIL

		How can Becky blame you (or anybody, except herself, for that matter) for her unpleasant circumstances? Does she really believe what she's saying? If so she's got a warped sense of cause and effect. And if not, then she's being really nasty by trying to make you feel guilty.
		
		Now, let me get this straight, because it's a real doozy.
		Becky's claim is:
		Because she listened to your opinion, that she shouldn't keep paying rent the whole time she'd be in jail, her life is now ruined. (And, by the way; she is the one who convinced everyone she'd be doing jail time all the way back from one of her first court appearances.)
		
		Her misplaced anger is way off target. She's made a long string of bad choices to get to where she is. How can she question any persons negative opinions of her when she refuses to accept any responsibility?
		Even if she believed that nonsense, going after you is bizarre, considering you are probably the one person who has been on her side throughout her troubles.
		Wasn't it just a couple weeks ago that you jumped through hoops trying to keep her out of jail. Is she upset with that decision of yours?
		Is she angry that you decided to bail her out of jail?
		Maybe you should quit encouraging her to pay those fines to get her driver's license back. After all, if anything bad happens when she's behind the wheel, it will surely be your fault. YOU TOLD HER TO DO IT!
		
		The part I find the most sickening is, after yelling, and crying and blaming you, just minutes later she wants to laugh, and hold hands, and pretend like nothing even happened. It's beneficial for Becky to forget about it, and you seem very quick to forgive, but that doesn't mean there are no consequences.
		Becky, if you want to act like a maniac -- Great! Good for you. Just don't get upset when people treat you like one.
		How do you think she'd react being on the other side of one of those angry rants? I'm guessing she wouldn't take it too well. But she's got no problem dealing it out -- repeatedly.
		
		She's really dissing you!

END ATTACHED E-MAIL
(update: 7/6 I never sent it)



Now the bitch has me tied up on Monday. Yesterday she asked me, "Do you think that you could give me a ride to TASC. Well, if not today, then could you give me a ride on Monday?" Something in by brain went "Ding!" A pleasant ring, it was the sound of recognizing a seventy-two-hour respite. As soon it appeared I, took the easy way out, "Sure, I could do it on Monday." It was the path of least resistance.
And now I'm paying for it. I said yes, and it would be shitty if I tried to get out now, after I already agreed.
But, there will undoubtedly be many next times. It is here and now that I must prepare my future self. Of course, one of the difficulties of convincing my future self that my current self, or past self from his perspective, is that this is serious, and not some petty disagreement.
The next time Becky wants a ride, or any favor, you must tell her something like, "I'd like to be able to confirm that I'll be able to, and like to do you that favor. But, in all honesty, I am not able to commit myself. Why, you ask? The last time I helped you, I ended up disgusting myself. Hearing you rant and rave about how you are in this shitty situation not because you fucked up several times and made a whole bunch of bad decisions, but because mom thought that you should put stuff in storage so you didn't have to pay rent the whole time you were in jail. For some reason I find it hard to to convince myself that you are the type of person who would pay several thousand dollars for something you weren't going to use.
Yesterday while complaining about her to Dr. Powell I found myself feeling a little sorry for Becky. "Maybe I'm giving Becky a bad wrap," I thought. Sure enough though, less than twenty-four later

	( 7/3/11 )
Hal is getting really pissed that Becky is still parking her hideous van out on our street. Her newest excuse/story contends that it's totally broken, so she couldn't move it even if she wanted to. Hal is so sick of it that he helped her jump her car just to get it off the streets.
Guess what? Now she REALLY wants to get rid of of the van. I guess the last couple of months she was just SAYING that she wants to ge rid of it. "I'm  going to put on the internet. It will be real easy to get rid of; I got four-hundred for my last car and it didn't even run. I didn't even have the title for that one!"
Sounds great Becky, there's only one problem — you have to actually execute the plan. Just saying those words doesn't make them come true.
Today Becky has been having a text-messaging battle. Tammy texted something that made Becky mad. Becky came in my room to show me the text. Becky said, "I guess if Tammy doesn't get what she want she going to act real nasty."
Almost immediately I thought back to a couple of days ago, when Becky was told about some evictions on her credit score. When Becky realized things may not go as she wanted, and guess who started acting real nasty. "This is all your fault," she yelled at our mother.

	( 7/5/11 )
Last night was easily the hottest evening I've ran in for a year. Suddenly I remember why all those times consciously drink water all day long if I want to run at night. By the time I got home I looked like a Gatorade drenched coach after a win. It didn't stop once I got home to the air-conditioning either, (the whole time I brushed my teeth before showering OR even as I stared through the mirror to brush my teeth the beads of sweat kept grouping).
Maybe it was those intense conditions that made me pay such attention when I walked through the front door to blackened house. I looked around seeing darkness, all interior lights off. A small whimper came from the floor.
For three or four seconds he sat in silence, as I stood, still panting from exertion while adjusting to the dark. Reaching for the nearest light-switch...

	( 7/6/11 )
Trying to avoid Vanilla Haagen Dazs, and Ben and Jerry's Cheesecake Brownie, I just had three huge bowls of Smores and Cocoa Puffs. I'm afraid that I have negatively offset any gains I hoped to make.
God! What a fucking loser.
My head already hurt from attempting to understand a doubly recursive Fibonacci sequence algorithm. Now I'm dumb, stuffed, and depressed.

Financially, I was also stabbed in the gut as well. Without warning, yesterday morning, while emptying the two vacuum cleaners (a Dyson for the carpeted floors; and a cheap Hoover for hard surface floors) I was unpleasantly surprised to see that the front drivers side tire had gone flat overnight. So I called AAA to fix it, not wanting to attempt such an exercise on my own. While the mechanic was en route, I remembered that one needed a special proprietary nut key. I searched the auto quickly, checking all the obvious spots.
Finally, I must have panicked, because I did the worst thing possible. As my dad picked his phone up, I suddenly remembered the most obvious, and in hindsight the first place I should have looked: the glove-compartment. As soon as my dad knew I had to replace that tire the advisory floodgates went wide open. For the rest of the day he felt the need to serve me with his great accumulation of tire knowledge.
Five-hundred dollars and twenty-four hours later, I am the proud owner of four brand-new Michelin tires!

I'm sorry, but I just keep running out of gas while writing this stuff. That's probably not the best term because it connotes loss of energy, which is not the case -- I'm not falling asleep while typing this. Loss of focus, attention, interest, desire. What is it that compels people to continue? That is the quantity I've run short on.
Sorry ;-{

	( 7/9/11 )
What does Becky love more than anything else? Her son, Max, you say? Wrong, my friend.
It is shopping!
Becky loves shopping above all else on our green Earth. She would have killed herself long ago if not for the pursuit of purchase.
One of the most disturbing sights I've set my eyes on is watching Becky enter a store to get high. As she peruses the aisles her mood takes flight. She must look at every single item before leaving.
Why have I told you this today though? Today she is doing some real power shopping. Shopping for a house. Not to purchase one, but to rent. (I still can't comprehend how she got evicted from the house she did buy. It's perplexing because she has a dependable monthly income of six-thousand dollars) But don't let that fool you, she is taking it very seriously. For a few hours this morning my mother accompanied, and drove, Becky as she went to see four or five houses.
Even now, hours after they returned, Becky is still intoxicated.
I pray that she finds a place very soon. If I thought Max's constant presence was anxiety provoking, it was a walk in the park compared to the addition of his mother. Please leave, I beg you, god make them leave.

	( 7/11/11 )
It's funny: for all the blame, bad press, condemnation thrown at alcohol, I would have thought that six weeks dry I'd feel like superman.
The truth is I feel exactly the same. Even my urine is the same yellow color.

	( 7/13/11 )
I feel guilty and bad. With all the crap I've done for Becky the last couple of years, I feel like she is trying to take advantage of me. For instance, she has recently left her son here all day as she goes shopping all day, leaving me to be responsible for him. That is clearly her taking advantage of me.
Today Becky and my mother took Max with them, then an hour later they all came back. Max wanted to stay here because he was bored with them. Immediately after Becky's request that I watch him, I denied on reflex.
They left with Max, but then a few minutes later I envisioned my mother crying. For some reason this vision made me upset. I see my mother cry often, but it is invoked by a movie or something similar. But in my vision she was crying because of the events of her own life.
In trying to punish Becky for her bad behavior I've really only punished Max and my mother for her doings.

I think that this morning Becky was informed that she could not rent the house that was her first choice and favorite. Yesterday I was giving her and Max a ride somewhere. During the drive she was really gushing about that house. Earlier in the day she even asked me how to measure distances between that house and the lake.
I tried to warn her about getting to attached to her fantasy, but she was already too attached. The military taught me that lesson; I never become hopeful on fantasy now, not until the hope is reality, firmly clinched in fist.

	( 7/16/11 )
Becky says it is a near certainty she'll be moving in her new house very soon. "Ninety-nine point five percent sure," is the way she put it. (Being a Maury fan that figure gives me cold comfort) I pray she is right. Keep in mind this is the third time she has got excited during her current house hunt. One reason she is so sure about this house is because the owners won't do a background check. Apparently the owner is a retired vet, like Becky. "We've got to stick together," is the quote Becky reported back with.
Max seems to be turning into a big music fan now. In the middle of the night somebody must have glued a pair of earphones to his head. Demonstrating his novice status, he asked if I "had ever seen the video for Thriller."
Way back when was on ALF some of the writers and staff bought me a bright-yellow Sony boombox (I believe it was water-resistant too. It was marketed as a Sport model. A beach boombox, if you will.) What was my first music purchase? The B52's.
I despise myself.
I'd say that I am a moderate fan of music.

	( 7/21/11 )
Late last night I realized I was taking on a sickness. My throat was starting to hurt and my joints began aching. Laying in bed, hurting, I decided to take action. Around two ay em I found an Ibuprofen pill in the kitchen. Prescribed to my mother a couple years ago, the bottle was full and the dose was eight hundred milligrams.
Surprisingly when I woke this morning I wasn't feeling too bad. The pain kicked in again after I ate breakfast. How long is that pill supposed to be effective? Four to eight hours

	( 7/22/11 )
There is at least one positive aspect of this sickness I can report. I haven't been obsessing about crack and that fucking' "bath salt" stuff. The craving has gone away, I imagine it's because all desires have re-centered to getting well, beating this virus into defeat.
I'm trying to drink a lot of water.
Last night was painful. Frequently drifting in and out of sleep, my mouth really dried out. When I got up this morning I found my uvula painfully swollen. Breathing through the mouth kept it shifting. Inhaling sucked the tiny punching bag into the throat, then exhaling blew it forward to lay flat on the tongue.
Being sick sucks, but not having those four kids around at least it is peaceful.
czech streets

	( 7/24/11 )
Becky's been at her new home for 3 or 4 days now, still entrenched in the moving process. I hope she has a long and fruitful tenancy. Everybody is happier when Becky is stable. But the newest developments are troubling. The ink on their contract still drying, and Becky is already lying to her landlord.
WBack when Becky was searching for a place she told the owners that it would be just her and Max living in the property. Which was true at the time. Now, Matt and his three kids are now moving in with her. I thought that Matt was just staying there a few days, going back home once his latest bout with Tammy blew over.
I know one thing for sure: stress is bad for people trying to stay off drugs.
Four extra people moving in with you, three kids, adds a lot of tension. Lying to your landlord causes stress.
Things are not looking good from Becky's perspective.
One of Becky's favorite stress relievers is shopping. She can't even do that right now because she's got no access to a car.
My mom said that Matt should pay Becky a thousand dollars a month for housing and being with the kids. Knowing Becky, she loves that extra monthly cash infusion. But when when Matt goes to work she's going to be alone with those kids.
Dark skies are brewing above my sister. In fact, it's starting to look like a perfect storm.

Friday I go to the V.A. I sense that Dr. Powell hates me. I feel that he feels I'm wasting his time. For two months in a row he's asked me to call Sarah and I still haven't. Hopefully I'll do it by Friday.

Aware of the growing tension between Becky and Matt, my mother is hosting a lasagna meeting. She wants to put all the opinions and troubles out in the open, hoping that clear communication will ease some tension.
The meeting is staring as I type these very words.

	( 7/26/11 )
That lasagna meeting went way down south right from the start.
Becky had a major blow-up that has left all involved disgusted and bewildered. It is two days later and my mom is still angry, and she usually is very forgiving and understand what comes with the territory of being bipolar.
As the meeting started I was in here reading. Knowing the likelihood of flames I did take notice, and left the door cracked

	( 7/27/11 )
I forgot about sharing this fact I encountered a couple weeks ago: Portugal has decriminalized drugs. Anybody caught with a weeks supply or less of any drug will not be arrested. That's me paraphrasing, but the basic fact is there and it is true.

	( 7/28/11 )
I can't even trust my own opinions

Just got a call from Becky. She wants a ride to Safeway. Yesterday my dad asked that I give her rides if she needs them, so I said yes.

	( 7/31/11 )
I'm starting to worry about my weight. I just checked it and I weigh 180.4.

	( 8/5/11 )
"Let Becky make her own mistakes."
That is what I want to tell my mother. Last month Becky freaked out on my mother when she couldn't find a place to rent. This morning Becky flipped again. This time it's a cell phone battery. My mom suggested ordering it with Amazon Prime. She paid no shipping costs, but it may arrive later. Of course now it is my mom's fault that the battery isn't here yet. Becky reacts as though my mom purposefully was trying to screw her over.
I've been able to remain conflict free with Becky for several months now. The trick is to not give or take advice or item with her. That way there is no ill feelings to be exchanged.
It is tragic, but my mother's good nature just backfires when it comes to Becky. I get upset when I witness these quarrels, because it is so obvious that my mother is trying to help.
I keep thinking that if I could just frame it in the right context, I could say something that would make her see this pattern as obvious as I can.


Becky reacts as though my mom purposefully was trying to screw her over. I haven't had a row with Becky in a long while. 

My Apple Bluetooth wireless keyboard's V key is having an issue. I bought it off Becky three months ago, thirty dollars i think. I may go get another today. I need my V key.

Some people act as if their life is a movie, and their aiming for an Academy Award.
It's bizarre going from knowing everything is impossible, to feeling I could do anything with sufficient time and effort

Sarah was right, I'm hardly a person anymore

	( 8/12/11 )
Just returned from an 11:00 session with Dr. Powell. Talked mostly about Sarah, and a little about Matt. Which is kind of funny because Matt was here at the house when I got back from the V.A.
Matt laid it on thick then asked for one-thousand bucks. My only question was "you don't need it right now do you?"
"Well, not 'now' now."
Knowing I can put it off 'til tomorrow made it easy to agree. Plus, I should mention at Matt's behalf, he paid me back in full last year
Together we planned that I'd drop it off his workplace, Mimi's Cafe, after scoring the cash at Comerica Bank. It will be Saturday so I double checked they'd be open. There open until one pee em.

I don't know why, but that beat-down Matt delivered on me has really been troubling me lately. It's funny that after all of this thought about that beating, I come back and give him money.

It is now 3:37 p.m. and I am finally alone, at home, and at ease. It feels good to be alone. Of course there is three dogs here with me, but they don't judge me; they just sleep.

	( 8/16/11 )
I can't imagine that anybody can grasp the profundity of being desire-less. If you really understand it you'll realize that it's the fuel source that drives the deepest depths of depression.

	( 8/18/11 )
As a fledgling heroin addict in San Francisco my youthful look made scoring difficult. First, the dealers thought it was not possible that this young child could even know what heroin was. When I got beyond appearance the dealers, who barely spoke english, wanted to see proof I was a lover of heroin.
How do you prove your addicted to heroin, to a stranger on a street corner? It is so obvious that you would never guess. I couldn't even figure out what the dealer was trying to communicate. He kept pointing at the button on the wrist of his red, grey, and black flannel.
I stepped away and spun around, looking for somebody who might be able to translate the cryptic gesture. Some older black dude walked toward me. Somehow I knew he could assist. After giving him five dollars he joined me as I moved to the dealer. The black guy watched the sleeve pointing sign, and quickly tells me, "Show him your track marks. He wants proof you're not a cop."
I wasn't a cop, but I had no track-marks either. "Just tell him I smoke it."
The dealer must have understood somehow. I gave him two twenty dollar bills. He opened his mouth and revealed a multicolored sphere about the size of a golf-ball. It was about forty or so ten-dollar chips of heroin. They're kept in balloons, and in the mouth, in case they might need to be swallowed. With the sphere in his hand he fingered away four small balloons into the other hand. After placing the treasure into my right palm I looked at him, to thank him. He looked back at me and used his hand and face to give me the international sign for "put that stuff into your mouth."
That sign I could translate myself. I dropped my skateboard onto the sidewalk and tried to sign, and vocalize, "Thanks for the tip, but I'll take my chances."

There is a sticker on my buprenorphine prescription bottle that says "do not drink alcohol."
That is totally bull shit, because I've mixed buprenorphine and alcohol, literally, hundreds of times.

	( 8/19/11 )
As a kid I remember being very puzzled when I was told that "The Color Purple" was not a special effects extravaganza, as I assumed it was.

	( 8/20/11 )
When I'm miserable and watching years fly by it is difficult to take up drugs. Drugs that would pick me out of this ditch.
Because I'm such a believer in the power of drugs, I still think they may be my savior. Even after six years of bad tries. Nardil is still the most effective of them all. I'll try to get back on it, if I've got the guts to ask for it.
Drugs brought me up and back down with such powerful might that I now prescribe miraculous transcendence to them.
When I was taking Buspar it made me feel retarded. Scrabble became too difficult to play.
The amitryptaline seemed to work good at first, but the effect has worn off.
Last night was the first run in eight days, it felt good to do that.

I was just reading Kurt Cobain's suicide note. He describes the same sorts of thoughts that run through my mind when I get depressed.
He talks about a time clock; that he feels he should be punching in before performing. Others around him seem to relish performing, while to Kurt those times drags on in drudgery. These thoughts occur to him because he remembers the enthusiasm he used to feel when younger. He says he has tried countless ideas to get that enthusiasm back, nothing's worked. He even feels guilty about his lack of excitement. I can't say I've felt guilt from that. I do feel guilt from the effects that depression has had on me. Guilt for not accomplishing anything, and not completing anything.



I ordered a 500 Gb external hard-drive. Before I upgrade my MacBook Pro to OS 10.7 Lion I want to back up Snow Leopard and my User folder, which is 210 GB.

	( 8/24/11 )
Mom has once again has given Becky implicit approval of a bad idea. Even after Becky blamed her very recently about her housing difficulties. Now she is encouraging Becky to get a golf cart. A golf cart Becky cannot legally drive.
Becky needed a ride to get the registration for the golf cart. So mom was nice enough to bring her down.
The problem is Becky has got no driver's license. This whole golf cart charade is an attempt to skirt around the fact that Becky can not drive legally.
Why am I having such a difficult time finding if one needs to have a driver's license to legally operate a golf cart?
O.K. - It seems to me that one must have a driver's license to operate any vehicle on public streets.
Obviously both Becky and our mother know full well what the law says. In fact when I confronted my mom about this yesterday she said, "If Becky does get pulled over, she thinks they'll give her at least one warning before they bust her." That's an awesome way to stay out of trouble while she is on probation, not to mention she wants to get her license back.

I've clone my internal hard drive onto a Lacie Rugged external HD. The drive interfaces with my MBP via FW 800 (it is the first time I've worked a FW 800 peripheral. This way if something goes wrong, or if I just can't handle Lion for some reason, I'll be able to devolve back to 10.6.8.

	( 8/26/11 )
Hal freaked out when he realized the computer's operating system was upgraded to 10.7 Lion. I heard him cursing at the iMac from my room. I admit that I found his reaction was funny. "damn thing!"
He needed some help eMailing a PDF file. When he yelled help I quickly ran from my room to the computer room to assist. The problem was he kept clicking on a link to download the PDF without realizing that he already had it. After showing him the approximately thirty copies accumulated in his "Downloads" folder, there was a problem with the File menu. There was no "Save" command. It was changed to "Save a version." It is actually part of one of lion's new features. It took me a minute to grasp that the new OS behaves like iOS in this regard. On the iPod touch and the iPad too there is no saving. When you quit an app on iOS you are saving any work. Likewise when you launch an app it springs back to whatever state it was when you closed it last. 
Actually Hal didn't realize that it was a new OS. He just knew something was different, something was wrong. After I explained what was really going on he even cursed mother, saying "I wished she hadn't done this. I was just starting to get used to it."
I must say, though, if he was actually "getting used to it" he wouldn't call me for help when couldn't figure out how to copy an eMail address off a page and into a new message.

	( 8/27/11 )
I'm not living a life. I'm living an existence.
That is why it is so upsetting to me when I'm faced with possible cures to my problems.
A man wrote that after twenty years of service his psychiatrist finally retired, his new doctor refused to maintain his prescriptions of Ritalin and dexedrine. When he told this to his previous, retired, doctor, his advice was to get another doctor. Anyway, he was able to find a doctor who would re-prescribe the drugs that he had depended on for all those years.
What upsets me about this tale is not the fact that one doctor wouldn't prescribe what another one would for so long. No, what gets me is that I have never been aware that Dexedrine was a possible treatment for depression.
Having some experience with Dexedrine I know it works great on me. But here I am wasting away miserable as fuck, saying the same things to my doctors every month, and not getting any new ideas for getting better.
I have been on the amitryptaline for four months now, and it has probably been the most effective for depression. But it took Dr. Munshi to be absent to even realize there was a whole class of anti-depressants that I had note tried.

	( 9/13/11 )
All the gains that I ascribed to the amitriptyline seem to have fallen away.
Yesterday, in particular was very taxing on me. In one swift interval we lost air-conditioning, ice-making, and the washer. Losing just one of those important assets would be quite trying. Losing all three, in quick succession, approaches paralyzing. Still, I won't let myself face this bleak reality.

Besides an increased chance of cardio complications, there is no line drawn in the sand for combining Elavil and cocaine. At least I've got crack to fall back on. Plus it is my experience that crack is much easier to find than heroin.

 	(9/15/11)
The last two nights I had good runs. I'm trying to get back up to five or six runs a week. Mostly because of my weight, but it also seems to help with night depression. At the very least it gives me an hour away from thoughts.
After about a week of living without air-conditioning a technician scoped our boxes. He'll be coming back in "a couple" days to finish the job.

Becky sure is a dumb-fuck. Just months after she indirectly caused a very dangerous fight the last time she brought her a dog here, she seems to have forgotten what a stupid idea it was.
Now she has her new dog over here.
As I was about to leave Max storms in telling me I should put Buddy behind one of the doors. How does she decide to do something so stupid. I just can't imagine deciding to do something that could have such dangerous consequences. Then again, check this one out: Becky recently bought a golf cart in order to skirt around the fact she's can't legally drive. It only took a few days for the police to catch her.

 	(9/16/11)
As I was getting dressed this morning mom knocked on the door. After I invited her in she said, "don't get mad at me."
Uh oh. "Could you reinstall Snow Leopard on my computer?" She was referring to Apple's computer operating system.
It was a couple weeks ago that she first asked me if she should install it. She was excited about several of the new features. I told her then it was a bad idea. The os had just been released, which usually means that there are still bugs that need to be worked out. Personally I'm waiting until, at least, the .2 release (version 11.2). I also referred her to an online list which charted applications that were compatible or incompatible with Lion. I then told her it was a bad idea to upgrade at this early point.
She bought in and installed anyway. Basically she didn't take any of the advice I gave her. This morning though she did want to hear how I could bring it back. Suddenly my advice had value.
I spent three hours figuring out how I could get back to 10.6.8. (the newest version of Apple's O.S. before Lion). I was able to get an install onto a partition of her external hard drive. Which was good, but really, it's only a partial solution. She'll be able to access the data on every hard drive, but all the User directories that Lion holds are no longer native to the downgraded Snow Leopard install.
Still, I was able to get things going, and that was a good accomplishment.
What makes me angry is that I have told her again, and again, "Mom you've got so many installs of questionable apps, most of which you run once or twice anyway. That's great! Go ahead and do whatever you please. it's your computer. But don't come crying to me when things stop working, because not to do these things. I don't want to clean up your mess.
And that's how it goes down. One more time I've done an emergency surgery for her.
Now she and Hal say their buying a new computer this weekend. There is a glint of hope here. Maybe she'll learn from her mistakes. Maybe this time she'll stay away from the bleeding edge. Please mom, just think twice before downloading shady shit. Use your head. She is very smart.
Before heading to Costa Rica on vacation I saw her installing a program that lets one log into your home computer from any location, as long as you have internet access. Apple has this capability built right into their O.S. But she didn't want to read about or learn how to do that. No, she wanted to use the special program she saw online, from some ad.
Well guess what? First of all, she never even accessed her computer from Costa Rica. She had no reason to! But ever since than she's still got that program installed on her computer. It's icon is right there in the menu bar, letting you know it's gobbling your RAM, and completely wasting your system's precious resources. She done the same multiple times. Then one day she comes and asks, "why do you think our computer has gotten so slow?"
I'd laugh if I wasn't already crying.

	(9/18/11)
Odin is an acupuncture doctor.
Graham is a photographer.
Justin is making music.
Tyson is an electrician.
Scott is in Europe doing something, but I couldn't find out exactly what he does with his time.
Wes Austen was posing with Justin at what looked like a performance, but I don't know what exactly was being depicted in that one photo.

And I, as you well know by now, am a total piece of shit, hardcore, loser.
There! I said it. Are you happy know?
My weight is now one-eighty-five. Fuck me.

	(9/22/11)
Can't think straight today.
My brain is all over the place.
I can't wrap around an isolated thought. Thoughts travel in concurrent threads, and when I try to focus on one I'm pulled away by two or three others, all at once.
These symptoms seem possibly linked to very short term memory difficulties. This has been going on for four months. Right now I'd say the problem has not been getting worse over time. The severity is fairly constant, and nothing is alarming, right now. It is noticeable, but mild.

	(9/23/11)
There is a movie to be released about Freud and Jung named “A Dangerous Method.” Something in the future I can look forward to.
something...

	(9/27/11)
Worst day since ~2004 Vinson heroin admission.
I was following Hal to his mechanic in central Phoenix. As we were closing in on the destination I got stuck behind a bus. Not wanting to lose him I had to keep moving. Pulling left I was trying to catch up when I was hit from behind. The lady driving the minivan that crashed into my rear honked steadily for a couple blocks until I pulled into a Chevron. She thought I was attempting to commit a hit-and-run.
We waited for the police. A short fat pudgy motorcycle cop-ette arrived to take the report. Everything went smooth I suppose. No injuries, just dents and misery.
I got upset and I couldn't stop crying no matter how hard I tried. After the paperwork was completed we all bunched up behind the two damaged cars. I wondered if the two women spotted me in tears. Grabbing my license and insurance card I moved came in close to both the women. The cop asked, "Do you have allergies or something?"
She was making fun of me because I was crying. "No, I'm just upset."
I was cited for unsafe lane change. Unlike the cunt cop, at least the other women didn't enjoy seeing me cry. When we were getting back into our cars she was saying she was sorry I was upset. I should have acknowledged that, but I just wanted to leave very bad at that point. I'd go back if I could.
Normally I'd sit-still behind a bus, I don't care about getting somewhere fast. But since I was following Hal I felt pressure to get moving. Because of that pressure I fucked myself. Now for the next ten years I'll be dealing with this shit.
As if I needed further convincing, once more, I'm reminded that leaving the comfortable confines of my room is a dangerous game. A game with no winners.

	(9/29/11)
Another failure: ate two pints of ice cream. One Haagen Dazs vanilla frozen yogurt, and one Ben & Jerry's Brownie Cheesecake.
The crash stuff turned out being less nightmarish than I thought it would be. I'm still very depressed though. The phrase "kill yourself" repeats over and over. Then, if I'm trying to concentrate, I hear yells and screams from an unseen mass gathering, they're in the dark, in still darkness.

	(10/2/11)
I easily break down in situations of adversity

	(10/9/11)
Never try running in denim pants. Just too much friction.

	(10/11/11)
Oh my god, the Airport Extreme and the smaller Airport Express (used to extend our wifi signal into the backyard) were both acting up all fucking day long. I actually spent four or five hours tackling  those bastard white boxes.
Every combination of configuration I tried. Airport Utility couldn't even see their presence most of the day. Plugging and unplugging did nothing. Every sequence of plugging and unplugging was tried.
Finally, what fixed it was doing a total reset of both Airports. All day long we were busted. It was about nine-thirty at night when I figured it out.
I gotta admit that it felt pretty good when I finally took down that giant. The bastard.

	(10/12/11)
The world forgets you exist until you die.
Still having wifi trouble.

	(10/13/11)

Dad mailed me a fifty dollar gift card for Barnes & Noble.
I sent him this email a week after I received the card. It's all true too.
	
	When we talked on the phone earlier I forgot to mention:
	Max wanted me to buy out his 25 dollars of the card you bought us ($50 / 2). I asked what he meant and he said, "25 dollars in cash from and you keep the card."
	So then I proposed that I only give him five dollars for his 25. He was OK even with that. Would you say that Max seems intent on dissing you?
	In the end no deals were completed. But after I reminded him of the large kid section that they have at Barnes & Noble he decided to keep his half after all.
	
	-Ben

Wifi has been working good all day. Knock on wood.

	(10/16/11)
The reader knows that my life, since my departure from the Navy, has been lacking in profundity. But there has been two distinct agents that have profoundly impacted me. When I say they've impacted me, I'm referring to thought.
The first was Berkeley Prof. Richard Muller's physics lectures. There is twenty six lectures made to enlighten those who would not normally take a look into physics. Basically he brings the viewer from basic kinematics all the way through todays new quantum based technologies and experiments and theoretical theoretical interpretations.
Very recently, our cruel world has witnessed the death of Steve Jobs. Even my lowly experience from a far moved me quite a bit. Seeing one of the most influential and powerful man blow slowly away can fuck with one's head.
George Harrison died in 2001, but a new documentary, directed my Martin Scorcese, was just released. Watching the four hour (shown over two nights, two  hours each night) film had a powerful impact. George had such a realness about him. Maybe one the reasons I was captivated by him is how opposite we are. He seemed to surround himself with people, sometimes even strangers.
For all the years I've been here in Phoenix these two pieces are what I can point to, when I think of what has had a lasting affect on me.
God, that was a shitty sentence. I pray that you forgive me. Mostly all of the time I can't muster enough concentration and enthusiasm.

Sarah has been sending some nasty emails lately.
The Python CS course is starting to get difficult.

After having a search problem on YouTube, I eMailed this to Google/YouTube today:
	YouTube viewers, get a lot information about the likes, dislikes, stars, quality, after we have clicked on a video. YouTube could improve by letting users see how many likes or dislikes before they click.
	Time after time users come to realize that the video they're watching have nothing to do with the videos title, or thumbnail preview. It can really me angry; having to try, and try, and try again, before I find what I was actually looking for. YouTube displays the number of views, but that doesn't say anything about the quality. The number of views is simply how many suckers were tricked into clicking. Also, the number of views could be the a twisted product of a positive feedback loop. 
	I believe YouTube users would be much happier when video content vs. video title/thumbnail match, and make sense. Group opinion can provide the data to help make more informed clicks.
	Thanks for reading this.
	
	-Ben-
Well, I found out that my problem with YouTube lack of clip information and quality ratings is a problem that has been getting worse over the last few years. All because of advertising. Google wants their advertisers videos to be clicked on, and ratings would tip off viewers would tip-off subsequent viewers to shitty ad-ridden videos.
YouTube has got to make money somehow. Still, it seems there is a better solution somehow.

	(10/16/11)
Thank Gods we live in the age of the scientific method. The dark ages are behind us. We should all be afraid of the dark, stay as far away from it as possible.
For some of us the idea of of 
don't believe something without proof
spiritualism (ghosts) just has no proof so it is of no use
why do people believe in ridiculous things
what scientific has brought us so far so fast
Science has made countless people happiness
Avoiding sciences is dangerous
how people make fun of science because they don't understand it

	(10/28/11)
It is October, and my mom is already wrapping christmas gifts. Wow.
I remember caring so much about those presents. I mean I was really looking forward to christmas morning so bad. So bad in fact that I would sneak in peeks at the boxes addressed to me. Tearing a tiny rip in the wrapping paper, hoping I'd see a label or logo that would, hopefully, tip me off as to what was inside. My mother let us open gifts from outside the immediate family on christmas eve. But the big ones, the best ones anyway, that is the most expensive ones, the gifts that we'd been frequently reminding of, those had to wait until christmas morning.
I can't think of once,even, when I was disappointed because I didn't get what I had wanted. That fact alone makes the whole idea of trying to tear those little holes in the wrapping paper, or obsessively trying to find still unwrapped gifts. I can actually remember staying home when everyone else went to see a movie just to look for the presents!
Now my mother is doing the same thing for her grand-kids. Wrapping and hiding, and trying to find them because she hid them to well. Watching all this from the third-person is a little bit heart-breaking. It makes me remember how much I cared. Christmas was important to me. It compelled me to do crazy stuff. I wish I cared about something that much. Now I couldn't muster up enough enthusiasm to save my life.
Whatever!

	(10/29/11)
All those years I was depressed, painful years, I hoped that one day I'd get out of bed and I'd feel good. I hoped for that "sense of well-being."
Discomfort brought me to cliffs of risk. 

Weed worked, but quickly declined in effectiveness.
It got so bad I took the biggest risk of my life. I stumbled upon heroin. Could you imagine trying such a drug. I was afraid to try it. You'd have to be pretty fucking desperate to even consider it.
I was desperate. I was in constant mental turmoil. I felt so tight I could hardly breathe. For some reason I thought that heroin would let me take a deep breath. I was right. All my shitty thought were gone. I was loose, I could finally breathe. I was comfortable. I finally knew what was meant by a "feeling of well being!"

	(10/30/11)
Days crawl, while years fly by.

	(11/5/11)
I'm sure that having, or raising, children must enrich the lives of their parents. For me though, I'm certain the negatives would easily outweigh the positives. Then again I've never raised kids. My experience only comes from a few hours here or there. Maybe the nightmarish situations I've experienced just happen to all fall on the negative side. Possible, surely, but not probable.
It is my mothers birthday today. I bought her a fifty-dollar iTunes card. My sister made brunch at her house and had over some of our extended family. Dee Dee was there, and so was her daughter and grand-daughter.
Dee Dee mentioned that her son, Jessie, hasn't bee the same since his car accident that nearly took his life. She said that his brain injury happened to damage part imparts emotions. He hasn't given hugs the same ever since. She hugged a chair and said, "he hugs me the same way he'd hug a chair." It's sad to hear that Jessie, in some ways, changed, but he survived. It is possible though that he changed for the better, and not worse.
Sometimes I catch myself wishing I could reset my brain; like how one can restart a computer. I think that is what shock therapy works. Meaning the shock does a reset of the brain. Probably not, but I like to think so.

	(11/9/11)
It is a little strange, to think about Steve Jobs, and Andy Rooney both retired and then, rather quickly, died. Please understand that I'm not in any way saying their two lives are even comparable. Steve Jobs was a bad-ass genius, and Andy Rooney contributed nothing but a steady stream of complaints on a regular basis. People are still mourning our loss of Jobs, while Rooney's absence has come and gone without notice. 
I look up to greatly to Steve Jobs. I can't think of anybody whose work in our new millenium can't even come close in contributions to the beings of Earth. His death was another case of humanity not knowing what they had until after his death. We all love dead people.
To be slowly ripped out of existence by cancer is unimaginable to me.
Andy Rooney, on the other hand, appeared to be a total dick. Then, when interviewed by Morley Safer for his final sixty minutes, Mr Rooney confirmed that in fact he really was a total dick. At least he was under no illusions. And knowing who you really is no small feat. Whenever I think of Andy Rooney for some reason I picture him coming out his front door, walking very slowly three blocks away just to yell at a group of skateboarders and pointing to a sign that says skateboarding prohibited.
It's one thing to be an asshole. It's another to go out of your way to be an asshole.

	(11/9/11)
Depression has led to my addiction of ice cream. I keep swearing it off, repeatedly promising myself that "this is it. After today I'll stay off for good." Well, I've probably said that thirty times now. My weight is up to 190 pounds.
Crack, heroin, benzos, those are substances worthy of addiction - but fucking ice cream. I'm so mad at myself.
So I'm putting these words here in the hope that a promise written is stronger than a promise thought.
Hal and my mother are leaving for Costa Rica saturday morning. I'm giving them a ride to the airport early Saturday morning. I believe they'll gone for a week. So I'll be here alone, hopefully. I keep imagining that Becky and Matt will bring their kids here to destroy the place. Hopefully that is just a bad dream.

	(11/12/11)
I had two mini buckets of ice cream yesterday. One Haagen Dazs vanilla, and one Ben and Jerry's cheesecake brownie. Usually I get Haagen Dazs's vanilla frozen yoghurt, not the regular vanilla. However, yesterday I dropped Hal and my mother at the airport, since I was already out of the way I went to Fry's market, instead of Safeway which is right around the block (I'm uncomfortable seeing the same people on a regular basis). That vanilla is the bomb - I haven't had it years and forgot about the stuff (i believe the last time I had it was in the uk, or somewhere else in west Europe). Assuming the yoghurt saves me from all that fat and calories
As a kid I was hopelessly addicted to Haagen's Honey Vanilla. Sometimes, when I was really upset because I couldn't play with friends because I was going on interviews my mom would pacify me by letting me get a large helping of Honey Vanilla to eat in the car on the way home.
All these years later and my tastes have changed. Honey Vanilla just doesn't do it for me anymore.

When I first learned of Steve Jobs death what really floored me was he really looked like he was having fun during all those product announcements over the last few years. I mean people can put on an act, but not that opaque.
Nobody on deaths door could could come off that enthused about anything.
I guess it's just me, I'm so miserable most of the time that I can't wrap my head around his excite for life and the future. But on top of his demeanor was his knowledge of his mortality. Steve was very gifted. I mean, being just weeks away from his death he had to know it wasn't long. He retired because he could "no longer perform his duties," his words.
Whenever I imagine him performing at those famous announcements, looking skinny as a stick, I'm amazed. He really had super-powers

	(11/21/11)
On the way to the VA hospital Becky decided to tell me about an iPod that was stolen from her.
First, I should tell you that the iPod in question was in fact her ex-husband's iPod (touch 4G). He is in prison for two years, and in an effort to acquire for "his books" he asked Becky to sell all his belongings - except the iPod, and a laptop computer.
Anyway, when Becky realized the iPod was missing she couldn't imagine who would take it.
The one possible suspect she could come up with was very trusted by Becky. His name was Harrison, a young boy that Becky befriended way back when she and her husband first moved to Arizona. She first introduced me to the kid he couldn't have been older than ten to thirteen years old. Becky told me his family barely scraped by and she felt sorry for him. She found chores for him to do around her house, and paid him money to buy toys and small animals (apparently he loved animals, in fact, his parents wouldn't let him have a pet so Becky let him keep the animals at her house).
Over the next decade Harrison was a regular sighting at her house. I saw him grow from small to tall, all the while he was doing chores for Becky, for money. With Becky separating with her husband I assume Harrison was around even more to do the chores her husband was forced to do. Sometimes it looked a little weird because the little boy and Becky did
Let me get back to the stolen iPod Touch.
When Becky found out that Harrison and his family were moving to Oregon his motive began to make sense. Knowing he'd never see Becky again, he decided on stealing her most valuable items. Becky put all this together and confronted Harrison - over the phone. But why would he volunteer the confession - even over the phone?
One must remember, Becky is a master manipulator. She utilized fear, and also 
borrowed a sliver from reality.
Becky told Harrison that she might have HIV, and if he wanted to know the facts he would have to admit the theft. Becky knew that she wouldn't get the iPod back, but the at least she could put away the uncertainty.
StilI driving, I thought to myself, "What was that about AIDS?." She dropped the bombshell. "I screwed him a few times. So I told him if 'you want the truth you better give up that info.'"
The reason I was so upset when she told me about this whole caper is because Harrison still looks like that tiny kid from those years ago. She was a mentor to that little boy. But now, she's twisted their relationship in ways hard unthinkable. And the fact that she didn't think twice about freely admitting such sickening information proves that she has a twisted sense of right and wrong.
I'll get back to this later, I'm achy all over. Illness has hit me now.

	(11/21/11)
Yes, it is Thanksgiving, and yes I am miserable. People are just starting to arrive. The day I dread is upon me. Second only to Christmas: the fake and pretend day.
No one is too sure about this holiday.
Maybe I'll attempt the "honest approach," that doctor Powell suggested.

Involuntary movements are weird and embarrassing, but when I tell someone about it they insist that the movements are not noticeable. I haven't heard anyone say they are evident. Now I am actually shaking. Luckily, it doesn't seem to be progressing. It seems, though, that they get worse around people. So, obviously, it's terrible today, Thanksgiving. All extended family, for as far back as I can remember, it has been tradition that everyone comes here for the meal and gathering. For me it has been advantageous in that I can crawl back to my room. I couldn't do that at someone else's house

	(11/29/11)
The tenth anniversary of George Harrison's death.
I've been having heart burn nearly every day. At first I thought it was from eating too much cinnamon, but I've ruled that out by experiment.

I've been trying to learn how to play keyboard for about 5 days.

Google has a set of videos teaching Python that I've been studying. It sure is easier than C. My problem is mood. By the time I finish one lesson I've forgotten the previous. So I'm caught in a loop, finishing one and then realizing I need to go back because I no longer grasp a simpler prerequisite.

To honor George:
    Give me hope, help me cope, with this heavy load.

	(11/30/11)
This body tic thing is progressing. A few months ago I threw my toothbrush into the mirror as I was brushing over the sink. That was the first time the tic escaped me and interacted with real space. Today it happened twice as I brushed my teeth. It worst when I'm actually trying to control my movements. Brushing teeth is a good example of that: my brain is telling the hands to do this or that, go here than there. 
So it is getting worse, it is progressing. I don't know what to do. I'm going to the VA in two days, but I don't think Dr. Powell will have much to say, except to say, "see your doctor."
The tics aren't that bad, for instance I am not having trouble typing right now. Well a tiny bit of trouble. Sometimes my hands shoot off the keyboard in unison. They'll just randomly fly about six inches up and away from the keys. 

	(12/2/11)
After putting probably hours of thought into my reaction of Dr. Powell's statements two weeks ago I shut down when it counted.
Basically what he said was: there was a lack of focus and goal to my therapy. I said that the only reason I attended the sessions was because I felt obligated.
He said the only obligation existed in my head. So I planned on saying that he was right, that I shouldn't be going just because I made up an obligation that didn't exist. And that it was actually unfair to him because I had no real goal, that in fact I was almost making him devise and pull out of me some reason.
So, just one more failure to throw on the pile. It's big now.
I'm still trying to get a read on this Dyskinesia. Since the mirror episode it hasn't occurred again at that extreme.

	(12/4/11)
I'm going to try to keep records of picking up Max/Babysitting Max/Picking up Becky. Only because I know Becky loves to talk about the past, and questioning what have you done for me lately attitude. I sure she has already disregarded the hundred times I picked up Max from school last year. Keep in mind to great majority of those pick-ups was riding a bike to and from in over hundred degree plus heat.

	(12/5/11)
The (OWS) Occupy Wall Street does one thing: force the money people to look at the real consequences of their bad and greedy choices. All those youths that don't get to appreciate financial well-being. I wouldn't even think of joining the Occupy movement. Though I agree with most of there values, I do not care that much about anything to take to the streets. I know this is a regrettable shortcoming on my part, but I really just can't muster up enough enthusiasm to compel me to give a shit about anything. If there was heroin or crack down there on the cheap and I knew I wouldn't get in legal trouble, well that's a different story. And I should add that with the powerful influence of those drugs I actually could get excited about empowerment movements.
Self medicating should be a natural right for all. Why should we be forced to be miserable when we know theres a treatment for our ills across the (figurative) street? How can we call ourselves free when something so important, maybe THE most important , 

	(12/7/11)
Initially things got better when I started Amitriptyline. For two to three months I felt relatively great.
There were noticeable side effects. Feeling dumb: terrible access to my own memories, and very short term memory loss. Tics: losing all control of my body for split seconds.
Now, for the past three months things have been going downhill. I can't write anymore.

I was a little mad at George when,﻿in the recently released Scorsese doc, he said that he hired Phil Spector to produce All things Must Pass only because Phil needed a job. Phil did an amazing job on ATMP. That was Georges best album; obviously Georges great back-issue of songs were amazing and fruitful. But if one compares the production quality to any of George's later releases the difference is more than noticeable.
George didn't give Phil Spector a mercy fu*k.
-- Hare Krishna to y'all.

	(12/11/11)
Trying to get her drivers license back, my sister to go down the VA for some kind of mandatory drug class. On the way back home after picking up Becky she told me that Matt and Tammy, and all their kids of course, are being evicted. They've been living in the same rental home for two years. The owner came to see the state of his place, and he couldn't have been to happy. I've been there once or twice and that placed scared the shit out of me. The smells alone could bring the recently deceased back to an ambulatory state. Not to gross you out, but: cats, dogs, shit, piss, dried wine stains, highly suspect supposed foodstuffs
I can only imagine how the guy would react, I mean it's his property. I nearly cried, and I was just visiting for an hour. This ain't no Halloween bullshit - this place is a real haunted house.
OK, so the place is nightmarish, we get it, alright. There is a question that needs answering. A concern unaddressed. Do you see where I'm headed?

Ben -- finish this paragraph you piece of shit, lazy, depressed fuck

	(12/13/11)
I hate life.

For Royal
• the hope for a future of impunity
• interest. If one has interest and focus he doesn't have to obsess over ways to escape

	(12/15/11)
At one time when I lived in San Francisco there was a pretty girl that I liked. She invited me one night to her apartment. She had no roommates, so it was just her and I. Though she looked white, she was actually Iranian. That was not a put off to me, not one bit, but it explains what happened when I got to her place.
It was a nice enough apartment, and a whole lot cleaner then where I lived, with Alex and Frankie.
She started playing some kind of Muslim chanting music. Being engulfed in a thick pussy fog I encouraged her, telling her that I really liked the stuff. Basically my faked interest in the music turned into an hours long introduction to middle eastern music. Obviously it was all my fault. I shouldn't have encouraged her into playing the terrible music.
After that nightmare I tried to avoid crossing paths with her at all costs. Plus, I began hating myself for doing something so stupid, so fake.

	(12/15/11)
It's two ay em and I finally just fixed a day long internet connection problem. I had it half way working since about 4 pm. I cheated by plugging the ethernet cable directly from the cable modem into my mom's iMac. From there I had iMac enable internet sharing, a poor-man's router, effectively.
The I somehow stumbled on to what looks like a promising solution. The coaxial cable goes from the wall into the cable modem. Then the cable goes into the router's WAN port via ethernet. Then, and this is where i missed it, I connected by ethernet cable (port #1) from the wi-fi router into the iMac.
The missing key is the fact that the main computer is connected to the router by cat-5 cable. I had been overlooking this point for what must be the last couple years. It had been working without that wired connection, but we were running into problems every second month or so.
The best part is that as soon as I employed this method all the hardware stood up at attention right quick. To me it felt crisp, I could just tell everything reverted to perfect order.
Hopefully these nagging connection issues are behind. The next problem to tackle will be the parent's new computer: they've been complaining about performance, and the RAM is maxed out. For now they're waiting for the new iMacs to come out. I estimate the new models will be released in March or April.
It does feel good to wrap up that issue. Remember it lasted all day and clear into night.

Me responding to a youtube video where Ultimate Warrior attempts to diss Hulk Hogan:
    Wow. This dude is pretty obsessed with this Terry. Who sits down for an hour talking to a webcam about somebody he clearly hates? I love the first ten minutes where he describes that all of Terry's actions and inactions are somehow centered on or aimed back at Warrior.
    Now -- Can anybody point me in the right﻿ direction to this Juvie Juice. The way this fool describes it Sounds like the stuff is awesome.
    


	(12/17/11)
Becky and my mother have picked up on an old habit from the Thousand Oaks days. I used to get embarrassed because if somebody found out I thought would end my life. They are going behind the local Safeway and digging in the trash for food. Produce, cereal, juices, I think they even scored meat there a couple times.
No longer am I ashamed of their dirty hobby. I mean in the sense that I might be embarrassed if someone found  them in the trash receptacles. They can dig in there all day as far as I'm concerned. Where it puts me off is what they do after they've won their spoils. They bring back about six to eight grocery bags worth of stuff. And, here's wear I get pissed, they already know they've got no room for their trash. The refrigerator is packed to the brim but they bring it all back. It just causes chaos in the kitchen. Half the time I open the fridge some bag box or canister of food jumps out. Hopefully it's not glass; but that has happened more then a few times. What angers me the most is the pure selfishness. It is obvious they pay no regard to anybody else when they stuff the fridge with their trash.


why must you hurt me this way?
It's bad enough.
I'm 30 years old, (at least I'm younger than you, that means you are a worse loser) still living with my parents, and now you piling more dirt onto my worthless bag of useless bones.
Wouldn't it be nicer to communicate freely. If you call me a bad name or you tell me something I did was stupid, I wouldn't care. If you are being honest, then that is how you feel. I won't be angry with you. What would be the point? We can't convince somebody to FEEL differently.
I was not trying to hurt your feelings when I mentioned those two short video pieces.
Have you watched those clips? I mean, they really are lame.

To Apple:
The iTunes Store search system is a little less than it could be. As is, search results can't be sorted (I'm aware that one can sort by.. Featured, Release Date, Name. But that doesn't help with searches though.) 
There used to be a table view for results. In the table you could click column headers to order the results. What happened to that table view?
I love iTunes, but sometimes I stumble over certain details.
If this message reads like an attack, then I ask please do not be offended. This comment is not a caning against what is the best music, and all other media it supports so beautifully, application of all time . I am just earnestly pointing out a feature tweak that I think could better iTunes.

p.s.
Please don't kill Apple's Pro Applications: Motion, Final Cut, Logic , etc.

	(12/22/11)
I know what is referred to as "a feeling of well being" because I've possessed that state of being. Knowing it, in fact, is 

I'll go to the dictionary to look something up but by the time I find it I forgot why I was looking it up in the first place. This happens often.

I've been ticing and twitch a lot today. Typing this is trying. I don't know why it is worse today than yesterday, or most of the time when I don't have it. Middle of the day is when it is worse, it seems. Dr. Munshi says it is probably from anxiety. I think she's wrong. For instance, today I have nothing to anxious about. I'm all alone in the house by myself. This situation is about the most relaxed as I get. I thought it gets worse when I'm around other people, or uncomfortable situations, but now I'm not sure.
Could the tics possibly be caused by Suboxone?
The funny thing is I don't know why I would complain to my doctor about these twitches.

Becky just called me because she wants me to drive her to pick up max from school. She didn't realize how cold it was. I don't think 

	(12/22/11)
My mother, with help from her sister, spent two days puzzling a


Seasons greetings, Grandma & Grandpa Kipperman.
You must have some kind of record for number of years with the same e-mail address. It is impressive, very impressive.
A medecine I take gives me a bad case of dry mouth. To combat the dry mouth I'm constantly drinking water. Well what happens when one drinks a lot of water? Frequent urination, right. Actually, to be more precise I should say a frequent urge to urinate.
The same medecine also has another side effect: difficult urination. It makes urinating difficult?! Now that is a bad side effect combination.
I'm drinking water constantly, then I'm running into the bathroom once or twice every hour - only to sit on the toilet cursing because now I can't follow through with why I raced into the bathroom in the first place.
I must tell you the only way I can pull it off is focused concentration. Highly focused on the goal. If there is no one around, if I don't hear any voices that can help a lot, I can more easily focus. But tonight, christmas eve, we had about ten people over and it was pretty loud out there in the living room. After I turned on the circulation fan in the bathroom it still wasn't loud enough to drown out the voices. I had to turn on the water faucets into the sinks. Once the faucets were turned on full blast I could finally focus at the task at hand.
I think I'll purchase a industrial strength ear-plugs.
I don't like cold weather. Even here in Phoenix it is cold right now.
You both are really too kind.
I took that  bird (pigeon) picture, the other is Hans - he's an adorable and generous pug.

	(1/2/2012)
Internet wasn't working for a couple hours today. Powered off both the cable modem and the Airport Extrem.
After a hard reset of the Airport it started working in 5-10 minutes. Then it dropped out again a couple hours later. This second time it only lasted about an hour, then came back online with no intervention by me.
I don't know what is causing it; it could be the cable modem or the Airport Extreme. I'm sick of this shit. I want to go buy new versions of both, and toss the old ones out.
Fuck the world.

	(1/10/12)
I weighed myself for the first time in three or four months (a punishment for eating two mini buckets of Haagen Dasz). One-hundred and ninety pounds. This is getting ridiculous.

	(1/11/12)
I let it happen so I face the ordeal. I agreed to a seven a.m. appointment with Dr. Munshi a month ago. Now, the day after tomorrow, the reality of that terrible agreement is upon me. Waking up at five, to leave the house by six, in order to get to the VA by seven, is a horrible truth.
But worse still is that I have another appointment scheduled for eleven a.m. Yes, you read that correctly: I have the pleasure of 'kicking it' at the hospital for SIX hours, in total.Why do I let things like this happen (I agreed to this plan)? Because it is easier to roll over and resent, than speak up and resist.
Notice a pattern? Rolling aside is a major recurring behavior in my life. Choosing a path of least resistant now, only to face and experience misery later. I keep doing this shit over and over. I must note, though, that I have decreased this thinking a lot since about 2001.

	(1/13/12)
My worst fear is that I'll drop an untimely death in the near future. But the death isn't the worst part. The travesty would be the fact that I've been holding on to sobriety for no good reason. Why have I been miserable for the last five years. So then what would be the point of staying off drugs.
When I'm real depressed and hating reality why not inject?
Really, Why?
I've been trying to practice keyboard everyday. I get pissed at myself when I don't. Am I learning? Good question; the serious answer is, "yes, but slower than I thought I would."
At least I finally know the answer to 'Do I have an innate talent for music.' It most 

	(1/14/12)
I strongly feel the need to escape. Getting worse.

My mother has been passing down her knowledge of cooking. It makes me happy that Becky seems to be moving away from the destructive previous stage of her life. Before, she wasn't interested in cooking at all, she enjoyed eating at restaurants.
My mother enjoys sharing her tricks, she speaks in a voice of satisfaction by teaching. Shades of AA's twelfth step.
I'm sorry for saying what I'm about to say, but I must include this note on the current situation:
It just so happens that Becky's interest in cooking has cooincidently spiked with her current lack of transportation. She doesn't have a drivers license and she has to pay a couple thousand dollars in fines to get it back. Is Becky only interested in cooking because she can't go to restaurants, or does she have a real interest now that she is trying to get away from her previous lifestyle. Or is it the fact that she is very short in cash because she wants to pay those fines as soon as possible?
Only time will tell.


I'm﻿ way into the chick.
I must meet her. It is my 'Desteni'. ;)
Get it - I'm destined to be with her
Too bad Dr. Landy is dead. He'd be the only one who could snap her out of her fake trance.
But still, she is way hot, and I would like to meet her, no joke. Can anyone help me make that happen.

	(1/18/12)
Waiting for someone to die?
Mimi has gone from an injury, from tumbling down a few stairs, to on her way out for good. There is no hope of her recovering now.
I always assumed Mimi would be around for another decade. My estimate though was very ill informed. According to my mother Mimi has been getting increasingly and observably weaker from month by month.
My mother decided to go out to California to be with her mother. She asked me to go also. After not to much thought I realized that it would be a bad scene. I could easily picture everyone sitting in a circle indian-style circle, crying for hours.
I think I'll stay home.
I love Mimi a whole lot, but could my presence make any sort of positive impact? I made a slideshow instead of going. People seem to like it.

	(1/19/12)
Word is that Mimi is doing better. The season pre3mier of American Idol, her favorite show, was on last night. I believe her turn may have been the sound of Ryan Seacrest's voice. I'm going to call her today.

The lesson I'm doing today is the most difficult yet. Both hands move about and it's hard to think twice at the same time. The toughest lesson yet.

    (1/22/12)
For that fat fuck Kim Dotcom:
Kim, it would be much smarter for you to run laps on the golf-course than drive it with your band of paid sycophants.
Once you get adjusted to the Big House, try to concentrate on the positive aspects of prison life. For instance, you're sure to lose a lot of weight. I can't imagine they let prisoners indulge the way you, quite obviously, do﻿ at each and every meal. (Ever hear of the word Moderation?)
Now that I think about it, you probably won't even get to read this message. Are you allowed to use the internet in prison? 

Wouldn't it be awesome to actually want to be around other people?


    (1/23/12)
One of my worst fears is that I will fall victom to a terribly loud and violent death which would make the past few years of my sobriety pointless and painful.
Life is very unfair.


    (1/29/12)
Hal and my mother left early this morning. I'm not sure if they are flying or driving, but they are going to San Diego. Plus my dad is involved shomehow. He's paying for there hotel, or giving them zoo tickets.
I just talked to them all. My dad called me and passed the phone to my mother. It's great how they are all friends. My dad seems to get along with people quite easily. Obvisously, that trait hasn't passed down to this generation.
My mother said they were about to go out to dinner.
I have been experiencign major memory issues for about eight months. Words, especialluy, have been a mojor problem. I finally remembered the word 'anhedonia' after struggling to find it for twenty minutes.

    (2/5/12)
That long weekend when Sarah and I did  'house-sitting' for her aunt and her aunt's husband was insanely fucked-up and yet awesome-to-the-max all at the same time.
To think of the idea that something like that may not ever happen to me again just sickens me. It really does give me a feeling of deeply penetrating anxiety. Anxiety's not the word, but I've got nothing else right now. That is what I live for. I refuse to take that idea seriously. I can't.
I don't want to waste any more time typing because this thought is very straight forward. And I hate thinking about drugs. It really is too upsetting.

Super Bowl is on today. Don't give a shit.
It's difficult to say what this feeling is

Mimi died on Sunday. My mom is really taking it hard.

    (2/10/12)
You might not think it but when I all of the sudden lose interest or enthusiasm it iis actually painful.
Just got home from the VA. 

    (2/17/12)
I have been twitching bad today. I am pretty sure that I douuble dosed on amytriptaline. Sometomes I forget that I had already taken it. Today the twitch is also spreading to thought, not just an external appearance issue.
Major twitching, stuttering, and ticking, commenced around one or two pee-emm. It is now five forty five, and it seems to be receeding, hopefully.
In anycase I am sure to not forget taking a pill.

    (2/19/12)
I got Hal a knife for his birthday. He seemed to really like it.
He wants to have me take my car in because it's drives loud. God I wish I could get out of it somehow.
Things are getting worse. I can barely stop myself from gorging on Haagen Dasz.
Bizzarely, my hearing on one side will suddenly stop working, leaving the other ear to work on its own.

I am having major escape feelings.
To combat escape urges what have I got?
    Taking Hans for a walk.
    Going running, by myself obviously.
    Focusing on something else, losing myself in concentration.
    concentrating on drawing, or coding Cocoa or Python.
What is so fucked is that I cannot focus or concentrate at all. If only I could get lost in thought.

    (2/22/12)
For some reason, when my mood is better than average, I constantly do Google searches of every thought that pops into my head. But when I get the results I read one or ten lines then do another search, usually taken from a word or two of the previous results. I'm sure a lot of people do this same type of shit. But I'd be curious about their states when they do.
The worst part of whole dance is that I'm actually not taking in any information, I just a line or two from here or there, nothing whole and comprehensive. It is a waste of time, and worse, it is a waste of a rare positive outlook (a good mood). I get angry thinking about it. I imagine that it is a similar problem to Becky's shopping fits. In that she is running from store to store fueled by manic obsession of finding "good deals." In reality, though, she is just wasting money by buying things she doesn't need (sometimes she doesn't even want) and wasting money she knows that should be spent on something mor positive 

    (2/25/12)
I've got an idea. A way to return to my previous, and happy, life. Not a way to make myself happy (that might not even be possible), but a way to reintroduce myself to my friends. Remember I haven't seen them for a decade, so they may not want to even see me, or talk to me. I want them to know I couldn't communicate, but I missed them on every dark step I took.
Basically this project should carry that message in a, hopefully, funny way.
For the last four years I have wanted to return to my life before drugs. Obviously that is not possible. One cannot rewind their existence, as if life was just another DVR.

My mother got a bloody nose that wouldn't stop. After she got off work she went to the hospital. She threw up black in the waiting room. She lost so much blood that her blood pressure was life threateningly low. At one point the doctors thought she may die.
Doctors think that it was caused by stress, and crying may be part of the cause. Mimi's death may have been contributing factor.

    (3/7/12)
The last couple days I've been working on an enhanced slideshow. Aunt Pam requested I make it for Mimi's memorial. I've put in about 15 hours on the memorial. Part of the effort is driven by guilt, because I'm not going to the memorial in person. Doing this slideshow will mean my brain will be there.
There is a couple of concerns that are giving me anxiety. Since I won't be there, I'm not able to trouble-shoot. I'm giving my mother my iPad to play it via HDMI cable. As a backup, there is a DVD version. The tradeoff is a huge loss of quality, because a DVD can only play back a maximum of 640 by 480 pixels. The high-definition version that is intended to be played off the iPad 1280 by 720. That difference is visually obvious than it might sound.
Mimi's slide-show is nowhere near the complexity and effort that I put into DeeDee's wedding video. I've only had three days to work because the images have only been available for that long.
When I watch it I can't stop crying, and that's after watching it ten or twelve times already. Besides missing Mimi a whole lot, the video is just another realization of how cruel time is. Life is ravaged by the clock, and in the slide-show it is very, very profound.

    (3/9/12)
I'm all alone. Hal and my mother drove to Thousand Oaks to attend Mimi's memorial. Pam is the host I think. Well she eMailed the flier to a bunch of people so it seems she  is responsible for the whole memorial.
I feel guilt for not being at the memorial. I spent about ten hours on making a slide-show for the memorial audience. A dvd of the show was burned for the occasion, but quality concerns had my mother take my iPad so she can play the HD version because it looks much better than the disc.
Went to the VA today. I'm still going for the MAOI, but Dr. Munshi has switched me to a different trycyclic for the time being. I feel like the amytryptaline has lost it's effectiveness.

A memory just came to me. Basic training for the navy. You probably know that this is traditionaly a period of intense physical and mental abuse (and, at least, in my case, torture. I know torture is a strong word, but there was real torture). My dad dutifly sent me magazine articles, Howard Stern Show extensive run-downs, and other trivialities to help me escape the daily painful monotany and extreme physical hardship. Just like my recent urine retention issue, he tried his very best to keep me from "suffering."
My dad gets better with age. He loves Becky and I so much that he'll cross lines. (I don't understand that last sentence either.)

    (3/14/12)
iPad is supposed to come in 2 days (16th).

I've had a cyst or boil, something else painful on my upper thigh. I don't know if it's getting better or worse. It hurts all the time. Normally not very much, but sometimes it can reach up to 6 or 7, pretty painful.

On the keyboard I've been trying to learn minuet in g. Trying for a week and I still can't get through the whole thing in one shot.

    (3/16/12)
FedEx showed up on the doorstep about noon. The iPad 3 was delivered and I signed for it. I was going to give Hal the iPad 2, but surprisingly, after I told him he could have it, he arranged that he would give it to my mom. She loves it and was already FaceTiming me and Judy.
My injury finally feals like it started healing. When I woke up I noticed the pain wasn't quite as bad as yesterday. Looking at it though I haven't done. Too scary.
My weight, abviously an all time high, is up to 195. Finally the temperature is starting to warm up and I'd love to be out there running tonight. With this injury though I probably won't be able to run for about five or six days, if the healing continues. It's still possible it may get worse. God I hope it keeps getting better. It only really hurts bad when I move around.

    (4/18/12)
That injury on the crease between my leg and crotch is healed.
Looking at the date of my last entry you can guess that I'm feeling shit lately.
I just wanted to get down in here that I'm now taking 100mg Nortriptyline. An increase from 50 or 75mg.
I've been looking for some previous things I wrote about my maoi experiences, in the hope I can get Dr. Munshi to put me on them again.
I've been getting heartburn a lot for the last 3 or 4 months. I can't figure out what is causing it.

    (4/20/12)
I had a nine am appointment with Dr. Powell this morning, but I slept right through it. I had my alarm set for seven oh five, so I could leave at eight to get there at nine. That plan got screwed - I didn't even get out of bed until ten thirty

    (5/3/12)
Don't know what to say. I have a nine ay em oppointment at the VA tomorrow morning. I'm having bad anxiety about it. Two weeks ago I had an appointment scheduled to see Dr. Powell, but I slept through it.
So tommorrow I should wake at seven, to leave by eight, and get there at nine. I have been smoking too much lately. More than one cig an hour.
I'm losing hope about getting back on an MAOI. Last time I met with Dr. Munshi she said, "these aren't happy pills." As if I'm looking for a pill that will make me euphoric for no reason. I didn't even respond, even though I wasn't seeking a Happy Pill.
The truth is I just want to have desire. A desire to get up. A desire to want to interact with others.
Lacking basic desire means you don't have a reason to go forward. Don't confuse a lack of desire with "all my desires have been fulfilled."

    (5/7/12)
The VA was a bust again. Dr. Munshi wasn't there this time. Next month I'll try to bring the same agenda, I'm ever the optimist, you know.
I cry. When I try to be honest.
It is even excruciating trying to read the stuff I've written in here.


    (5/22/12)
I awoke to a stirring shriek. Shortly I identified the sound as the voice of a Tammy. Not having actually left my bed, I hoped beyond hope that I was wrong. Comforting myself, I kept visualizing her leave. Watching her drive away in my mind. The power of positive thought, right?
As one can easily imagine, I spent much time in misery. Which is why I was celebratory when she finally left at about 3:30 in the afternoon. I presumed that, having survived the horror, I at least would not be seeing her again for some time. Maybe even a week or three.
Tammy did finally leave. I took a deep breath.
My mother arrived home about four o'clock (it was her first day on a new schedule: leave at four in the morning). Matt and Tammy only recently left, so I told my mother, "You're lucky, Tammy just left!"
Horror struck hard when she repied, "They'll be back soon, with the kids." Upset and shocked, I immediately drove to Target and bought two things of ice cream. Thinking I could at least have some sort of escape while I stuffed myself with ice cream and muffins.
On the drive down to Target my thoughts were racing. I was trying to wrap my head around the current reality. Remember, when Matt and Tammy left just moments earlier, after silently struggling with their poisoned presence from the moment I awoke, I was happy. I was fucking jubilant. My thought was, "It's over, I withstood the blows and now it's over!"

I am not proud of what I had done. Matt, his wife, and the kids have just as much right to be here (at my mother and Hal's home) as I do.
In spite of the guilt I must note that the past few days have been wonderfully quiet and clean, and free of that nightmare scenario I so absurdly paid my way out of.
Is one-thousand dollars too much for four days of serenity? It depends on the alternative, what you are buying your way out of.

    (5/26/12)
May twenty-sixth. I don't want to admit the number my age was incremented by today. I'm ashamed, which means my feelings are consistent with how I should be feeling, given the situation I'm currently in.
When people ask what I might like for my birthday I feel ridiculous. I'm not a ten year old.
Deedee happened to be throwing a party with her neighbor this evening. They are celebrating DeMar's graduation from high school. I hate going to these gatheringsI suppose I should try to attend one of these things a couple of times a year, just to make sure I still can't stand them. You only know if you try. It's like an experiment. You can't guess the outcome, you have to actually test it.
I wish I could sweep my birth date under a rug. There really is nothing to celebrate.
In fact, yes! That's what I want for my birthday: I want everyone to not pressure me into going to a party.

My father and Judy sent a one-hundred dollar Safeway grocery/gas card.
Hal and my mother gave me a one-hundred dollar MasterCard gift card.

    (6/1/12)
Just got back from the VA. Had a 9 am appointment with Dr. Munshi, and a 10 am with Dr. Powell.
Finally, I will be taking an MAOI. I have wanted to switch back to an MAOI for more than a year. Dr. Wandry put me on the drug, but I didn't take it for too long. After the death of Wandry Dr. Munshi switched me to an SNRI. I finally convinced her with some of the things I wrote in this very journal. I told her the writings were optomistic. That I had seemed to want to communicate with others, instead of hiding from them. The email to Alex was probably the strongest positive memory mentioned in those entries. But for some reason I didn't want to reveal it. When I was taking Nardil I also seemed not so time conscious. Meaning constantly aware of that slow second hand. "I'm miserable. When is the appropriatte to go to bed?"
I have to stop taking this tricyclic for two weeks to get it out my body. Then will step up to proper dose for phenelzine.
I'm optimistic, but also worried. Will I be sluper-depressed for the next two weeks? What will happen if the MAOI doesn't work?

    (6/7/12)
Dad told me that he is sending me a copy of his will. I don't even want to think about his death. Why do I need a copy of it? Is he hiding a secret illness?
My mother has been my uncle Brian's therapist. She has somehow become a negotiater between Brian, my grandmother Estelle, and Richard (who is dying soon from lung cancer).
My mom is returning today from a visit with her friend Brenda in Oregon. She has been there since Sunday.
Matt is pissing me off by leaving dirty dishes in the sink and leaving cigarette butts on the ground.

    (6/13/12)
I wish I was in Seattle. The needle exchange didn't have normal retail hours, so I had to mind the clock. As long as you were there between noon and three pm fresh clean rigs could be had.
One time I felt so great after shooting up, when a fellow junkie approached me, before he could open his mouth to beg for some, I gave him a big hunk of my black-tar. I'd never seen a smile so earnest. God, I miss the stuff so much. I swear...

    (6/22/12)
I am lucky as fuck to be who I am, where I am, right now.
The last week seems to be a recovery. I really hope this isn't another false alarm. A couple years ago there was a false alarm.
There is hope right now. Things can only get better.
This is all because of Nardil.
Life has been shitty long enough.

I remember the worst moment of my life. The choice is very obvious. It was that day in TJ. I had just been arrested for posession of heroin. I had just been arrested and released. I was crying, balling really, as I slowly walked toward the border. Believe it or not they were tears of joy. In that police car I had actually come to peace with the reality of spending a lot of time in a Mexican jail. Things were that bad.

    (6/27/12)
It may sound a little weird, but my life miht be perfect.
The internet is, easily, the best invention of all time!
I truly believe that I am beginning to learn how to predict the future.

    (7/11/12)
In a great mood this evening. Writing clear and sharp.

    (8/1/12)l
Matt borrowed two-grand to get a place for his family to live. The Kids start school in two weeks, so he wants to move somewhere asap. Tammy's been getting sick a lot lately, so they're finding it difficult to find a rental house.
Mom and Becky warned me not to give him the cash until the family is actually ready to move in, but I told Matt, "I don't care what you you do with this cash as long as I get it all back when you get your tax return."
He said every year he gets at least seven-thousand back so it shouldn't be a problem. Plus, I've loaned Matt large sums of cash every year for the pas three or four so I'm honestly not too worried.
Becky has been paying me back four-hundred bucks monthly for the 3,300 I loaned her for the rental car. She set up an auto-pay through her bank, which is why the reimbursement is so consistent and on time.
Two days in the past month I have awoken to a return to depression. When one wakes like that nothing matters, everything just sucks. I thought the medicine's effect wore out, but luckily I returned to normal after I took the Nardil. Dr. Powell said I need to set up three times everyday when I'll take two pills.

    (8/14/12)
Matt and Tammy were here all the kids for about four or five days. What a nightmare. There was no escape. They needed a new house to move into.
Everyone did what they could to help. I gave Matt another two or three hundred just to get him on his way
When they all finally left I could think again. I finished the second iOS Stanford programming class. It is actually pretty difficult. After finishing it last night, I'm going to take a couple days off before getting to the homework.
Please don't let them come back for at least years.
I have not been feeling great today. Maybe because I've been alone all day, since six a.m. or so.
My iPod touch is cracked up into a hundred pieces, but I believe there will be a new one released in September, so I'm trying to wait until then.

	(9/12/12)
Becky asked me if I'd like to go to Disneyland along with she and Max. I agreed to think about it, though I honestly didn't think there was much chance I'd go. But the thought kept occurring to me, "what's the point of feeling better if I'm not going to change what I do?" Though reluctant, I told my sister I had decided to go. That turned out to be a very bad decision.

Sadly, for me, things have changed a lot since June. The Nardil's effect has, seemingly, slowly worn off over the past few weeks or so. I haven't told anyone, and the effect hasn't completely worn off yet. I'd estimate it's working at 50% efficacy.

Two weeks ago I spent $350.00 to fix the glass cracks in my iPod touch and iPad 3. Today, Apple just released their new iPod touch (5G), along with the iPhone 5. preorder starts on the 18th, and right now I think I'm going to get both the new iPhone 5, and the new iPod touch. Think about it, I don't really splurge on anything else, these Apple products are about it.

	(10/5/12)
I gotta get my Disneyland tale finished. I already told Dr. Powell about it for god's sake. The truth is I just have been feeling real bizarre lately. Mostly I'm OK, but my concentration is shit. I can't string a though together for my life. And creatively, I'm completely bankrupt; which is so weird because as a youth I was so full of creative ideas, and I'd actually execute them, for real dog!

    (10/17/12)
Last night I suddenly awoke to taking Hans on a walk. It was about three in the morning. Now what is a little alarming is that a week ago Hal said I was sleepwalking for a half hour in the backyard.
Also, Hans had no leash on. The two of us were walking around the lake. What if Hans didn't obediently follow me, and I got up this morning to no Hans. That scares me and maybe it's the reason I've been upset and crying all day. No one knows about this.
The effect of the phenelzine is wearing off. When I was thinking about how shitty it would be if it stiopped working I honestly really didn;'t think it would stop working in just months. I thought it would work for years before it stopped.  

    (10/22/12)
I've been using Apple's new headphones, included with the new iPhone and the new iPod Touch. They really add a whole newe element to music. They are easily the best headphhones I've ever used. I'm glad I've got two pair. Each song stands out out a lot more from others just by removing a bunch of audiory fuzz.

	(10/25/12)
I'm really starting to think the PhenelZine's effectiveness is wearing off. No matter how eloquent or meaningful I could describe the impact of this event it would still not compare to how fucked up this realization really is. Just recalling the six-year-long search for a working drug makes me cry uncontrollably. During that that search it never even occurred to me that a prescription drug might actually bring some relief. That's how far fetched the whole idea was. When it actually happened I was the happiest person on Earth. I really thought that. The cure was a surprise. A very awesome surprise. When it did occur to me, that the Nardil has the possibility of wearing off, I thought "Even just a few years of feeling this great are going to be so great."
I started taking Nardil only in June. Less than six-months; my experience lasted less than six-months. Sure, it was worth it, I would not take back those few months, but I does bring one major problem. I feel so opposite now than how I was feeling when I was "cured" that it is embarrassing to remember the things I said to people. Or even some of the ideas that occurred to me.
What a loss. It's going to suck to tell people I'm back to my normal. I imagine some will get quite upset, I would if this happened to someone I like/love.
I know it is going to be pretty shattering for my mother. She going to think it's some big joke. So, I was thinking of telling her the Disneyland taxi story to convince her of the truth of the situation. As an experiment this will be very interesting, because I'm going to preface the revelation with forcing her to promise not to repeat what I'm about to tell you. Of course, she'll agree without even thinking it through. So how long before she starts babbling to everyone she talks to? I'll be surprised I she can hold it for more than a day. Oh, it's going to be funny to watch Becky pretend she doesn't know the secret. My sister is a horrible actress. Not as poor of a liar as Sarah, but she makes it so obvious that she is under immense stress trying to keep something secret.

	(11/7/12)
Emotional Pain. It really is worse than physical pain. Especially when thrown into it virtually overnight. When my Phenelzine
Today was the worst single day I've ever had dealing with this intense, tightly-gripping depression. The word depression sounds way too cozy for what it means.
This short burst of intense sadness was so all-encompassing that I lost seven pounds in five days. Which is the only positive side of severe depression I know of. Before the Nardil arrived today I cried for at least three to five hours. I had no control!
Thank gogd those pills came today. I was already suicidal. No joke.
One of the side-effects of MAOI withdrawal is "shocks." Just another way of say twitch I guess. As I was heading down the hill from my mom's place I caught some air, then landed in the sort of briar patch they've got on the shoulders up here. A shock locked and blocked my whole body. When my forward gaze re-engaged after a shock I was three to our feet off into the ritght shoulder. My right front panel was compleetely punched in by the plants. But don't worry, they were all bushy plants and spiky shrubs. Nothing heavy like a tree, or protected, like a Saguaro cactus. One remarkable feature of the dent location is the fact it seems to be fairly easy to hide from others on the road. As long as I'm driving in the right lane it must be real difficult for anyone to spot it.
The fact that I totally forgot to note this crash is somehow profoundly telling. I don't know exactly why, but I'd imagine most people would have probably told someone if they had crashed their car. So far, no one has spotted the damage. I wonder how long it will take for someone to see the big dent on the right/front of my car. I bet I'll go months before some notices it. Knock on wood.
I'm flying to Oregon in less than a week.


(I wrote the following as a comment on Erin Kirchners's web site)
In this day and age, with all we now know, I must say I think it is highly irresponsible to promote smoking.
And just because you didn't get out of bed this morning with the express goal of spreading the wonders of tobacco and nicotine doesn't make you any less guilty.
Just remember kids are watching and waiting to see what you do next.
PLEASE DISREGARD THE PREVIOUS COMMENT

David Miscavige somehow got one of his minions to hack my Google account. This is the third time the Scientologists have broken my password. These fuckers are talented, I'll give them that.
Just because I refused to join from a Scientology up-front, without even trying it (I believe this is what pissed 'em off the most.). The fact I was unwilling to give a try.
To honorable Scientologists:
Please leave me alone. I will never mention your honorable church or Mr. Miscavige ever again. I will not diss the church in my human voice and thank them for me. 
Once again, Please, I am begging your group to just simply stop communicating with my McD's I work at.
-Ben Hertzberg
I am not even a 'celebrity' anymore, so just leave me be.

	(11/9/12)
Talked to Tyson this afternoon. He told me to call Mike. Mike wants the flight information. So that will be another person I haven't talked to for a decade. I'm dreading the call, but I promised myself I'll do it tomorrow, Saturday. I leave on Tuesday.
The one thing I still have to do before the trip is pick up the buprenorphine from the VA. I don't think they'll give me too hard a time. It'll only be a couple days early, and I've already spoken to Dr. Munshi about it. I hope she's there on Monday, but if not she should tell one of the other docs about my situation with this trip.

Phenelzine Test
5 pills
11/9/12 9:53 PM
Drank em down with 80% of a bottle of ice cold water. 
First, I took 2 at noon, and 2 at 4pm.
10:13pm:	Starting to feel. Coming on strong? Feels like it, but nothing crazy.
10:23pm:	No longer feels as if it's coming on strong.
10:33pm:	Feel good, but anxious. Headache coming? It shouldn't - I've been careful about diet. Taking 2 ibuprofen just in case.

6 pills
11/10/12 3:19 PM

	(11/9/12)
How can it be four days before I leave and I'm already screwed. I didn't want to leave the house a mess before my trip up to Oregon and Northern California, so on Friday I spent four hours vacuuming and mopping.

	(11/24/12)
My mother pulled a miracle. After two hours on the computer and phone she was somehow able to get me the bup. I needed for the trip. I thanked her immensely. Obviously I would have never been able to do that on my own.

Thanksgiving was shit. I always wondered why AA members would speak about the holidays being the roughest part of the year for addicts. It was never that bad for me

	(12/7/12)
More than a decade. I hadn't seen any of these guys for more than a decade. Can you really consider a person your friend when you haven't even spoke to him for more than a decade.
It was very refreshing seeing Odin, Tyson, Mike, and Mike Henderson. All of us agreed we should meet up at least once a year.
Justin proposed to his girlfriend, so maybe the next meetup will be his wedding. Hmmm... He's only been dating for four months. Hope it doesn't end bad, or short. I'd have to predict it won't last. They may not even make it to the wedding, though I hope they do, only for my sake -- to see the guys again. In fact, if he has a wedding I'll get to see lots of heads I haven't seen forever; so that would be dope, but I suppose I better not hold my breath. Justin seems to be wrapped in a thick pussy haze. While in Oregon I spoke to Justing on the phone, it must have been just days before he proposed yet he didn't mention anything.

I've been giving Hans generic benadryl twice daily to get him to stop chewing his feet. The stuff works great, too.

	(12/19/12)
Too much sleep. I just stay in bed. When I wake up I stay and fall asleep again. Depression is so strong there's no reason to get out of bed. Today I got up after twelve hours of sleep only to cry for another two hours. I felt like shit. I wanted to crawl back in bed, but I felt like loser. On top of the depression I've been struggling to find myself. I don't know who I am. My lack of enthusiasm for anything makes it difficult to concentrate, and impossible to enjoy. Those first couple months on Nardil felt like I was awoken from a wet death sleep. The whole world was new and inviting, and I felt pulled towards all sorts of interests. I almost regret those few bright days, because it only gives me something so awesome to compare to. I want to get back there so bad, but I'm scared I never will. I want to say I know I never will, but to think that is so heartbreaking. Then I get angry thinking about Dr. Munshi. She the opposite of proactive. When I tell her how I've been feeling shitty, hoping she'll switch my medication, she'll say something like, "Thanks for sharing that with me." It's fucking maddening. It's difficult enough for me to get up the will to ask for help - and then I just get shut down like that. I get so angry I can't stop cursing myself all day long. "You fucking retard! It's fucking pointless. You sound like a little bitch. Nothing works!"
My life is wasting away and here I am just watching it go by crying like a pussy.
My new iMac was delivered today. So far I haven't been able find enough interest to give a shit. I should be excited. Normally I would be pumped up. I order a three-thousand dollar top of the line Mac, and then it gets here and I don't care. That's not normal. I should have torn that box open the moment it arrived.
Please release me from this terrible state. I need help! Please. I suffering here. I'm in pain.
Am I being punished? I deserve this because I'm such a peice of shit loser. There is no reason for me to go on. I can't imagine dealing with this for more that a couple more years. It's just too painful and monotonous. Recently it seems to be getting worse. Or perhaps the fluctuations are just getting more extreme. If that's true then I should be due up for a positive climb soon.
I've definitely been thinking of suicide more frequently. Actually, not suicide, just the fact that I wish I were dead.
Help me please.

Hunter's birthday was on Monday or Tuesday, just a couple days after his dad's. Becky and I took Matt and Tami out for sushi for Matt's birthday. I was surprised how cheap it was. When the bill came and I glanced down to see it was only sixty dollars between the four of us I said, "Holy shit!" That scared Becky, she thought I was tripping on the prie becsuse it was too high. Sitting at the sushi bar Matt reminded me how Hunter's birthday was in just a couple days. So I sat there thinking for the next couple minutes about what I might give Hunter as a gift, after all gifts are much more important to kids. Then it dawned on me.
A few days prior I bought this large RC airplane.

	(7/19/12)
Four down, and eight more ECT treatments to go. After the first two the shocks seemed to be working great, but as of right now I don't know what's going on. I keep suffering crying spells. The best way I can describe it is an intense flash of depression.
I've got to start running again soon - my weight is up to two-hundred-five pounds. One more reason to be disgusted with myself.
Peace out.
Justin Ranes is getting married soon. He tried to invite me, but I've avoided him. I don't know why. The dude is one of my best buds, if I have any friends at all.
To be honest, my only real friend currently is Hans. Not to take anything away from our relationship. I love hans as much as I've ever loved anyone.
Damn, my wrists hurt.

	(2/9/15)
Hans died today. I can't stop crying.
Taking him to the vet this morning, I was just hoping he'd get a prescription to help the wicked cough he's had for the past month. Yet, once we got there the doctor said it was more serious. First, x-rays had to be taken. The slides revealed Hans had a ton of liquid surrounding his lungs.
"He will probably need surgery," said the vet.
At least today the vet would drain all that liquid to make Hans a lot more comfortable. So he took Hans back to perform the procedure, warning us it was going to take some time.
Stepping outside to have a smoke I felt pretty good knowing Hans was momentarily going to feel some relief, and I could take him home before I had to contemplate whether I'd spring for the surgery. "What were the other options mentioned."
As I finished that cigarrette, out comes a seriouos looking nurse. "Could you follow me, Mr. Hertzberg?"
"Fuck," I thought. "This does not look good."
Except the situation was even worse than I pictured.surgery table
After that image was seered into my brain for life, I escaped back outside. I lit a cigarrette as I began to cry, I just knew there was bad news coming. After three of four minutes my mother came out. As we matched eyes I could see she was crying too.
"He didn't make it."
"What?"
"He's gone."
All I could think of was "we brought him here for a cough, and now this fucking vet has killed him." I was so furious. "How could this happen?"
Anger; that was all I felt at first.

	(5/19/15)
Hal just completed redoing the floor in my room. Went from carpet to wood strips. I think it looks pretty good, but it's the first day so I reserve my judgement. There was a lot of work, so I really appreciate Hal's effort. Of course I put in effort too, I couldn't just sit around while Hal worked off his ass. Sure is nice to have everything back to normal after being torn kup for a week.
After revealing to Dr. Munshi the week I spent hospitalized she seems to want proof. I told her that I still have some receipts. Definetely the ambulance is here. They keep billing me for eighteen-hundred bucks. Becky and my mother tell me not to pay it because it should be handled by insurance - because it was an emergency. The rules just confuse me.
Still missing Hans real bad. The way he died is just so upsetting. stepping into the the surgical room and seeing the condition he was in, I just can't cstop thinking about it. His final moments were a nightmare for him. I try talking to him, I don't think he can hear me though.
Why did I give in to my mother’s wants? I’ll never forgive myself. Hans would be here right now. Tell me, does that dog look sick? This makes his passing so much more painful; the surpise. In no way was I prepared. Second, considering the shape Hans was in I keep feeling that he was stolen away from me. Ripped away in his prime. Perhaps worst of all was seeing him. His expression of pain. When I walked back into the surgical room (where Hans was being worked on) Hans was rapidly wagging his tail in pain. Hans quickly glanced at me, his best friend and now his savior. Yet I did nothing. His last breaths were pain, confusion. I love him so much, and I know there will never be such a special friend again. To think I only got to experience half of the time I should have.

	(6/14/15)
Man, I really am getting pissed at Dr. Munshi. Her newest trend is to not even see patients at all. Yes, that sounds ridiculous to me also, but it's true. What she does now is instead of attending the appointment, like she used to do, I get sent off to a nurse. Supposedly if there is anything important, or if I might have requests, this will passed on from the nurse to Dr.
What is scary to me is this downward trend in quality of service. This crap isn't happening with other doctors; in other words, this is no new policy - it's simply Dr. Munshi getting away with what she can get away with. My family has been urging me to switch doctors for months. Honestly, the only reason I haven't is because I'm actually afraid to offend Dr. Munshi. Imagine that - She's dissing me left and right, month after month, but I'm worried I may offend her. I'm a fucking female, I swear!
Thing is, trying to get something done is just so much easier when I'm sitting there right in the doctor's office, with said doctor in there with me. Refills, switching meds, even moving up the ship date of the next months prescription: a nurse can't really complete any of these tasks. She's got to go through the doc. I suppose she can get the ball rolling.
Last month the same thing happened, but I thought it was just a one-time thing. Now it's been two months in a row; doesn't look good. I'm on my knees.
Now that's out of the way let's move on to something more interesting: For the last four months I've been trying to learn the editing program Autodesk Smoke 2015. Very, very, slow going at first. My learning process is still nowhere near speedy. The main issue seems to be from one day to the next I'm forgetting half the material I just took in. Obviously it's very frustrating. I mean VERY frustrating

	(7/22/15)
Nearly a month ago now, something wonderful happened. First, I must warn that it was only temporary.
I awoke feeling my normal self on morning, then I took a quick shower. When I finished getting dressed I sat there on the corner of my bed. As I sat I realized I was feeling great. I actually wanted to do things. The night before I made plans to spend the day with my parents as they were going to run a few errands and shop at a feew places.
As the day progressed, and the three of of went from place to place, I was actually having fun, talking a lot and held a feeling of excitement. It occured to me this was all just going to be temporary. Hal and my mother felt otherwise. They thought this was a permanent change. I knew better, as I didn't want to be disappointed.
At one point I was so happy I started to think I was acting ridiculous, maybe even annoying. I asked my parents what they thought: was I acting bizarre? Actually they thought I was being normal.

	(3/22/16)
Memory’s getting worse and worse. 
Giving up on my dreams one by one. A real heartbreak. 
Memory loss is one of the most frustrating aspects of this condition.
For instance, with a magazine I’ll turn back one page to see what I just read a moment before. Suddenly I’ll realize that I've completely blanked on what's brought me back. As you can see I’m having difficulty coming up with even the simplest of analogies. Worst of all though, is trying to have any sort of conversation with someone about this problem. Their first reply is, seemingly without fail, letting me know that they've been dealing with the same issue for years. why did I come back here?
I must admit that I get a little angry when I see people taking advantage of their happiness.
My memory seems to be very slowly creeping towards uselessness. Just so it doesn't drive me batshit I've had to develop strategies to deal with this nut cake. Actually, I shouldn't try to take any credit. See, I didn't "develop" techniques or strategies. These things just gradually developed all by themselves. 
Being around people I have to fake it; and I hate it.

	(2/24/17)
Dealing with fierce anxiety today. Probably related to my current state of withdrawal. That's right; After ten years of Suboxone (buprenorphine) I'm finally getting off this poison.
Admittedly, it wasn't my idea to stop. Dr. Munshi cut me off. She simply refused to continue prescribing it to me. Boy, was I upset initially, but as it turned out she was right. In fact, I should have quit this poison years ago.
Withdrawals have been tough. Like a little pussy, bitch, I've cried many, many, times from the aches and depression. Though, really, the tears don't matter. All that counts is the end of this wicked drugs tight grip on my shitty life.
I have high hopes things will get much better once my system is flushed.

	(2/24/17)
Feb. 24th 2017  I seem to be improving very, very, slow. The last few days I've beeen playihng videogames.
Now that I'm 38, sometimes I look back and see Sarah and I the morning after a condom breaks.
I still remember.

	(1/28/18)
My Dad, Manny died. Surprisingly, I never got to upset. Probably because I only see him on a yearly basis. I still loved him a lot.
	My mother drove out to the memorial. She said "I'm going for Matt, not for Manny."
	For the past week both my Mother and Matt have been hammering me about going. I keep telling them that I don't do well in crowds (Matt said he's expecting about 100 people to show up).
	Appointment time is rolling around again. Hopefully Dr. Munshi will help me with my low testosterone.
	
	2/26/2018
Today was Mackenzie’s birthday. Mackenzie is John’s daughter. My mother made her a cake.
My mother and I went over to Becky’s, where we all had cake. The lemon cake was delicious.

	3/5/2018
Today I’m concentrating on quitting smoking. When I woke up I had two cigarettes left in a pack. After finishing those two off I’ve been using nicotine lozenges, which have been working OK.
About two years ago I was able to quit because I didn’t have a car. When you’ve got a car it’s just too easy to obtain those death-sticks.
Now I have to rely on those nicotine-lozenges to help me quit.
My brother and Tami quit with the help of a prescription medicine named Chantix. I can’t use Chantix because one of it’s common side-effects is depression. I’ve already got enough depression to deal with.

	3/9/2018
Received a letter from the Social Security Administration. Disability review. Not sure if it’s standard 	annual or something more ominous.
Obviously it’s got me worried. This could be the difference of getting 2,400 a month or being constantly broke.
My attempt to quit smoking was a bust. Next time I go to the VA I’ll be asking for some nicotine lozenges or gum. That should be a big help, if I actually try, that is. Seems I have a tendency to put in a half-assed attempt when I try quitting. Let this be a warning to myself: If you really want to quit then really try, you jerk!
	3/30/2018
Went to the VA today, which turned out to be lame. I didn't even see Dr. Munshi, just one of her assistants, Paulette.
Matt, Tami, and all their kids just left late last night. They had been here for five days. Matt is in turmoil.  He's addicted to inhaling butane!